
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.092067                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2092066772500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2092066772500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 363940                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   599959                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              445780001                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8583536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4693.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1707988237                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2815635136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data     542333312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         60800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      60810944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          603234624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        60800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         90368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     49648704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        49648704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data        8473958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         950171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             9425541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       775761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             775761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            14133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        259233271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            29062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         29067401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             288343867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        14133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        29062                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            43196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       23731893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             23731893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       23731893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           14133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       259233271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           29062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        29067401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            312075760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    775632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples   8473958.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       950.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    938694.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.003656672478                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        46067                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        46067                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            19989813                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             735372                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     9425542                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     775761                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   9425542                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   775761                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              602500096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  734592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                49636800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               603234688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             49648704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  11478                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   129                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            311045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            296757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            294024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            294136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            293784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            292791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            290919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            290604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            290518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            290956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           290951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           291088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           290838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           293834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           294448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           295015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           295723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           294066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           294789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           294256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           294017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           294067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           293696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           293592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           293794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           295823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           293911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           293941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           293549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           297690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           293694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           295748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             32917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             26528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             23397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             23402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             23377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            23370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            23463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            23416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            23349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            23575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            25262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            26099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            23363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            25366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            24429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            23291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            23276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            23249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            23239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            23209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            26182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            23568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            23262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            23217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            28337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            23218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            23278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2092066743500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               9425542                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               775761                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8986592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  419761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    7711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  18106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  18907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  41404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  46312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  46409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  46440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  46693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  46817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  46263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  46360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  46350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  46503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  46681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  47035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  46763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  46089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  46078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  46070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1663437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    392.041567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.474676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   417.316485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       874067     52.55%     52.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       110440      6.64%     59.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        48608      2.92%     62.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        39746      2.39%     64.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        70885      4.26%     68.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        22741      1.37%     70.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        24362      1.46%     71.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        81780      4.92%     76.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       390808     23.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1663437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     204.349795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     66.124897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    503.559673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        46066    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         46067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.835804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.805440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.020500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            27162     58.96%     58.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              465      1.01%     59.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            17336     37.63%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1065      2.31%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               25      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               13      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         46067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data    542333312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        60800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     60076416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     49636800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 14133.392102330712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 259233270.720091223717                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 29062.169907389991                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 28716299.493734251708                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 23726202.553604200482                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data      8473959                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          950                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       950171                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       775761                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14978393                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data 297023841268                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     35578062                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  77281207709                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 116103370820192                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     32420.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     35051.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     37450.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     81334.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 149663840.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 209684797944                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            374355605432                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31367661248                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22273.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39765.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       287.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    288.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     23.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  8403623                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  122577                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                15.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     205078.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             1300340255.761168                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             2295600682.280293                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            12896326157.272997                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           917653911.551998                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         148263107771.707458                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         108478226807.849915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         7144989692.457406                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    401388627029.093262                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    81512021544.114868                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     138105814728.396637                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           905000419758.266846                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            432.586776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1834932638153                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20456179191                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   76779850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 365270179207                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 339633499041                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  159891482336                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1130035582725                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             1293586598.305110                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             2283672373.513009                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            12925532582.028509                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           911970945.647995                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         147596714199.810669                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         108279992537.287491                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         7171101035.740841                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    399576048358.699707                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    80995267928.276215                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     140652025660.462128                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           904445159357.322998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            432.321363                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1835146216345                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20686301382                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   76434750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 372733196960                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 337480257511                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  159799504773                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1124932761874                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  283189272                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  141596079                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138502                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           32                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  920385865                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   35                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4184133487                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  707988237                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1345179918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1345176477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4511                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       1022                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     70800951                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1345176477                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         4511                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2690349163                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1132777354                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                6731                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               3346                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           354014078                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          424793556                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    424785297                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  283189243                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 141596054                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                4184133487                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         70802771                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  972      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                920390803     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      45      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      203      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    190      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     594      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                     846      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    968      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               283188540     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              141595335     10.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                703      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               719      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1345179918                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          424785350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          8852187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.986486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3407134995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3407134995                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data    274337931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      274337931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data    141595232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     141595232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data    415933163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       415933163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data    415933163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      415933163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data      8851341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8851341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data      8852188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       8852188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data      8852188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      8852188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 755656498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 755656498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     52000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 755708498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 755708498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 755708498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 755708498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    283189272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    283189272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    141596079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    141596079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data    424785351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    424785351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data    424785351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    424785351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85371.979003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85371.979003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 61393.152302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.152302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85369.684647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85369.684647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85369.684647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85369.684647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data      8851341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8851341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data      8852188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8852188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data      8852188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8852188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 746805158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 746805158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     51153000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51153000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 746856311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 746856311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 746856311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 746856311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84371.979116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84371.979116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 60393.152302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60393.152302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84369.684760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84369.684760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84369.684760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84369.684760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements               8852179                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          414.276798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          920385865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         1992177.196970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   414.276798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.809134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.809134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       7363087382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      7363087382                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst    920385403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      920385403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst    920385403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       920385403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst    920385403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      920385403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst    920385865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    920385865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst    920385865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    920385865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst    920385865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    920385865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86025.974026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86025.974026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86025.974026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86025.974026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86025.974026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86025.974026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85025.974026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85025.974026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85025.974026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85025.974026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85025.974026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85025.974026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  152663231                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                   66167664                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                        98031                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       137567                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1315786169                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4184133545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1470455218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1469917317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               5266815                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     524464                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     98544115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1469917317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      5266815                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3014824561                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1321244193                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             2649026                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            2643736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           707772952                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          841933030                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    218679647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  152586996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  66092651                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                4184133545                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        116148918                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               517476      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1215042464     82.63%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                36191497      2.46%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  11187      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     166      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      18      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                     124      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                  12597      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               149971075     10.20%     95.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               63469676      4.32%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            2615921      0.18%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2622975      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1470455218                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          218830895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         37026908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.910050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1787674068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1787674068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    118838616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      118838616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     62965371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      62965371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    181803987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       181803987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    181803987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      181803987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     33824615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     33824615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data      3202293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3202293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     37026908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     37026908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 473231573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 473231573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123884593500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 123884593500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 597116166500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 597116166500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 597116166500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 597116166500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    152663231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    152663231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     66167664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     66167664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    218830895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    218830895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    218830895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    218830895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.048397                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048397                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.169203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.169203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13990.745290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13990.745290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 38686.214378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38686.214378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16126.546848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16126.546848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16126.546848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16126.546848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     25699439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         25699439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     33824615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     33824615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      3202293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3202293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     37026908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     37026908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 439406958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 439406958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120682300500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120682300500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 560089258500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 560089258500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 560089258500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 560089258500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.048397                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048397                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.169203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.169203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12990.745290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12990.745290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 37686.214378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37686.214378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15126.546848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15126.546848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15126.546848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15126.546848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              37026900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.647033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1315786169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         1374907.177638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   510.647033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.997357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10526290309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10526290309                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1315785212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1315785212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1315785212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1315785212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1315785212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1315785212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     86619500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86619500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     86619500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86619500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     86619500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86619500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1315786169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1315786169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1315786169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1315786169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1315786169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1315786169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90511.494253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90511.494253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90511.494253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90511.494253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90511.494253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90511.494253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     85662500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85662500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     85662500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85662500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     85662500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85662500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89511.494253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89511.494253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89511.494253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89511.494253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89511.494253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89511.494253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   445                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102862.024109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    91759112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   9426661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.733999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      11.461915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        3.793782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    95417.202700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst        8.509753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7421.055959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.363988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.028309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.392387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3731                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        29704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        69176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                1477588005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               1477588005                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     25701076                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         25701076                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          490                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              490                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              373                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          2438545                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2438918                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  7                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data       377856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     33638192                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          34016048                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data              378229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            36076737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 36454973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data             378229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                  7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           36076737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                36454973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         763748                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              764222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          950                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1412                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data      8473485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       186423                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8659908                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data           8473959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst               950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            950171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                9425542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data          8473959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst              950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           950171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               9425542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     45942000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  90255314500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   90301256500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38579000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     84133500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    122712500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 729364720500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  35417671500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 764782392000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38579000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 729410662500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     84133500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 125672986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     855206361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38579000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 729410662500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     84133500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 125672986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    855206361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     25701076                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     25701076                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          490                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          490                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      3202293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3203140                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1419                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      8851341                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     33824615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      42675956                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data         8852188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst             957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             45880515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        8852188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       37026908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            45880515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.559622                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.238500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.238585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.992685                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.995067                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.957311                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.202922                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.957273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.992685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.025662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.205437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.957273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.992685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.025662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.205437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96924.050633                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 118174.207330                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118161.027162                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83504.329004                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88561.578947                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86906.869688                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86076.121041                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 189985.524855                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88312.992702                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83504.329004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86076.727832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88561.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132263.546246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90732.857697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83504.329004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86076.727832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88561.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132263.546246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90732.857697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              775761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    775761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          971                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           971                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       763748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         764222                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          950                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1412                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data      8473485                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       186423                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      8659908                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data      8473959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       950171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           9425542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data      8473959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       950171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          9425542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     41202000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  82617834500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82659036500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33959000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     74633500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108592500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 644629880500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  33553441500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 678183322000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 644671082500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     74633500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 116171276000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 760950951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 644671082500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     74633500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 116171276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 760950951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.559622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.238500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.992685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.957311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.957273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.992685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.025662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.205437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.957273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.992685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.025662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.205437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86924.050633                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 108174.207330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108161.027162                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73504.329004                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 78561.578947                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76906.869688                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 76076.122221                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 179985.524855                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78312.993856                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73504.329004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 76076.729012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 78561.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 122263.546246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80732.858758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73504.329004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 76076.729012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 78561.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 122263.546246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80732.858758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        9323630                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      18747122                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9321580                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            8661319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       775761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8545819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            764222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           764222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       8661320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     28172663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     28172663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               28172663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    652883328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    652883328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               652883328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           9425542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9425542    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             9425542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         22010032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        51770707148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     91760084                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     45879569                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3021                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3021                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2092066772500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          42677374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     26476837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        28725872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3203140                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3203140                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1419                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     42675956                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     26556554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    111080716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             137640598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    566644736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   4014486208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             4581253120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         9323630                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  49648704                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         55204145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               55201124     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3021      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           55204145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        71581608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            694497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13349353569                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1435999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       55540390443                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
