
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               881666324793                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 368955                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               10701688                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   737921                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  1001.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              879970720                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   369666208                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     739343341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.881666                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                881666324793                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                          67206209                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   369666208                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     739343341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   134430589                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         65585                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    67242711                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   571169290                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            57                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       2647646621                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               2647646620.996997                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            168206035                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           201703148                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33617015                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   3969                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          3969                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 5997                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3060                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       12994                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.003003                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             739333521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    739333521                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1411777601                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          604887342                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   134430565                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     201673273                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   67242708                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7318      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 537657800     72.72%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1899      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       580      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     247      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      552      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      506      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1166      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                134430163     18.18%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                67242077      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 402      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                631      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  739343341                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3913495                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8089531                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4199449                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          698                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8399410                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            698                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            4175722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3913174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4175722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12265567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     12265567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               12265567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    267286848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    267286848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               267286848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4176036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4176036    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4176036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         13736307767                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        22351187093                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4198682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          212                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         8110168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4197966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12597727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              12599371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    268931840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              268991232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3914067                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8114028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009275                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8113330     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    698      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8114028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2799019512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4195045755                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            715284                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                23925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               23925                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23925                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            4175320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4176036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           4175320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4176036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59811129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362473297866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     362533108995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59811129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362473297866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    362533108995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          4199245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4199961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4199245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4199961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.994303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.994304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.994303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.994304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83535.096369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86813.297631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86812.735569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83535.096369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86813.297631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86812.735569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       4175320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4176036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4175320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4176036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54923541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333970287959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 334025211500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54923541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333970287959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 334025211500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.994304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76708.856145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79986.752622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79986.190612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76708.856145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79986.752622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79986.190612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        3914067                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2815                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2815                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2815                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2815                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          212                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              212                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          212                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          212                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          127                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               965                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   965                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data             314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25643331                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25643331                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          1279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.245504                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.245504                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81666.659236                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81666.659236                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23499556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23499556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.245504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74839.350318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74839.350318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              716                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59811129                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     59811129                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            716                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83535.096369                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83535.096369                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54923541                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54923541                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76708.856145                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76708.856145                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         22960                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             22960                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      4175006                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4175006                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362447654535                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 362447654535                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4197966                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4197966                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86813.684707                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86813.684707                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4175006                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      4175006                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333946788403                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 333946788403                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79987.139756                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79987.139756                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 253287.634673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8399283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4176211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.011221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       4.438071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        67.124100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     253216.072501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.965943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.966216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        262144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        39387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       218003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 138566771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                138566771                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.repl_invalid                         0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.l2.tags.repl_valid_tag                       0                       # Number of local replacements
system.l2.tags.repl_valid_data                      0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          45824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      267220480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          267266304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        45824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         45824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         4175320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4176036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             51974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         303085728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             303137702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            51974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks          23301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                23301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks          23301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            51974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        303085728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            303161004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       318.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       716.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   4175284.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000031652                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      1.345668407594                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           15                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           15                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             8578799                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                255                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4176036                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        321                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4176036                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      321                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            130487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            130508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            130533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            130489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            130498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            130493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            130445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            130516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            130572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            130486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           130509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           130469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           130523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           130507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           130486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           130510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           130517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           130459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           130496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           130519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           130535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           130484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           130483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           130535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           130438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           130501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           130529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           130484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           130485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           130478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           130540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           130486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      54.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  92830694913                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13914432000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            165877286913                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22229.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39721.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               4176036                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  321                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4175999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4176270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean            64                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    64.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-71      4176270    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4176270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean         258914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  88885.490024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  517238.718044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767            3     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-65535            6     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::98304-131071            2     13.33%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::262144-294911            1      6.67%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::294912-327679            1      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::688128-720895            1      6.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1.99885e+06-2.03162e+06            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               15    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              267264000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               267266304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       303.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    303.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  881666242542                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     211108.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        45824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    267218176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        17280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 51974.311268788319                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 303083114.876524507999                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19599.251456107326                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          716                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      4175320                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          321                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     26157590                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 165851129323                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 28352917276581                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36532.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     39721.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 88326845098.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                     0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy         3256118991.212417                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy         5748302372.957638                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy        5727095181.228813                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy       287804.832000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     76533206581.133530                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy     49608501342.984337                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy     253528395117.191254                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       394401907391.439209                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        447.336930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 745650517145                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  39633650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  96382157648                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy         3256256216.300421                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy         5748544628.016811                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy        5727265241.177613                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy       349140.288000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     76533206581.133530                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy     49609543843.817093                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy     253527675421.179413                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       394402841071.817139                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        447.337989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 745647416499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  39633650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  96385258294                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                   1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    571168574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        571168574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    571168574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       571168574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61011261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61011261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61011261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61011261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    571169290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    571169290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    571169290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    571169290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85211.258380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85211.258380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85211.258380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85211.258380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60534405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60534405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60534405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60534405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84545.258380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84545.258380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84545.258380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84545.258380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    571168574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       571168574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61011261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61011261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    571169290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    571169290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85211.258380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85211.258380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60534405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60534405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84545.258380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84545.258380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           446.240725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           571169290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          797722.472067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             83250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   446.240725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.871564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.871564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        4569355036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       4569355036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.repl_invalid                 0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.repl_valid_tag               0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.repl_valid_data              0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.repl_invalid            0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_tag            0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_data            0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.repl_invalid            0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_tag            0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_data            0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data    197474055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        197474055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data    197474055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       197474055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      4199245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4199245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      4199245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4199245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 369689605668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 369689605668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 369689605668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 369689605668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data    201673300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    201673300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data    201673300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    201673300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88037.160411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88037.160411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88037.160411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88037.160411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              2815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4199245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4199245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4199245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4199245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 366892908498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 366892908498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 366892908498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 366892908498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87371.160411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87371.160411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87371.160411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87371.160411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                4199237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data    130232623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       130232623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      4197966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4197966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 369652040271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 369652040271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data    134430589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    134430589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88055.034336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88055.034336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4197966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4197966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 366856194915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 366856194915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87389.034336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87389.034336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     67241432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       67241432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1279                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1279                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37565397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37565397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     67242711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     67242711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29370.912432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29370.912432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36713583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36713583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28704.912432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28704.912432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881666324793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse             7.999994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           201673300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4199245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             48.026086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            166167                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     7.999994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1617585645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1617585645                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.repl_invalid                 0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.repl_valid_tag               0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.repl_valid_data              0                       # Number of global replacements

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
