
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.488862                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2488861621500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2488861621500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 334414                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   572429                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              452105354                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8612676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5505.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1840965496                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3151250641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data     639297472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        160256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data       8942528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          648429824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       160256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        189824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks      7855360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         7855360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data        9989023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           2504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         139727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10131716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       122740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             122740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            11880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        256863406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            64389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data          3593019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             260532694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        11880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        64389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            76269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        3156206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3156206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        3156206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           11880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       256863406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           64389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data         3593019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            263688900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    122688.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples   9989021.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      2504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    138384.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.040118516485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds         7109                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds         7109                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            20732357                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             120482                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10131716                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     122740                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10131716                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   122740                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              648343744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   86080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 7848384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               648429824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              7855360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1345                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    52                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            317312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            317055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            316876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            316926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            316727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            315889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            313063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            313217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            313373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            313360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           313029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           313369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           313689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           316700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           318125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           318665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           319008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           318301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           318808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           317755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           316985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           316848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           317074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           317209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           317217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           317624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           318032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           317657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           317524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           317760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           317337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           317857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              4023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              3659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16             3917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18             4173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19             3874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20             3741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21             3729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22             3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23             4384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24             3362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25             3490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26             3982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28             4101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29             4010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30             4017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31             4015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2488861453500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              10131716                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               122740                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10059788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   70581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   4366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   4457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   7101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   7114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   7118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                   7114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                   7116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                   7118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                   7116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                   7113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                   7118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                   7111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                   7117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                   7115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                   7117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                   7109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                   7109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                   7109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       897384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.226944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   502.240563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   397.054538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       172611     19.23%     19.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35293      3.93%     23.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24841      2.77%     25.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23275      2.59%     28.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        22697      2.53%     31.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        23618      2.63%     33.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        26867      2.99%     36.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       111237     12.40%     49.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       456945     50.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       897384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1424.879730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    327.362119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2361.562015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         5209     73.27%     73.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095          618      8.69%     81.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143         1047     14.73%     96.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191          221      3.11%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239           12      0.17%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          7109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.250106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.221975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.976173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2655     37.35%     37.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               86      1.21%     38.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4303     60.53%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               65      0.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          7109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data    639297344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       160256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      8856576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      7848384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 11880.130154516106                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 256863354.104317367077                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 64389.276854779935                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 3558484.699789084028                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3153403.119001005776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data      9989023                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         2504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       139727                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       122740                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     13841385                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data 359896940938                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    101235918                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  13171587108                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 138377289573897                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     29959.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     36029.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     40429.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     94266.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1127401740.05                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 195983155817                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            373183605349                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                33754396172                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19346.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36838.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       260.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    260.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9315791                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   39824                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                32.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     242710.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             691619121.647205                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             1220971004.164797                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            13844457001.180700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           142213331.904000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         118989776351.853149                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         91811002333.435699                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         4829812198.039231                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    373845061552.019714                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    27627413212.535313                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     346142148299.857361                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           983660853783.764160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            395.225209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2270173092651                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17431351252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   61620300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1102567736967                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 115114124048                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  139636124582                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1052491984651                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             707744628.863222                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             1249435973.620752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            13942161927.570372                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           147080064.431999                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         121557351584.807571                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         93004596470.730026                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         4937949037.993680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    380204846292.149963                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    29805159565.411125                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     338089579810.158691                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           988196868401.893799                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            397.047735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2267243711110                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17762831832                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   62949950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1072658929960                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 124188038163                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  140904995550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1070396875995                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  336379361                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  168191244                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       164517                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1093256498                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   40                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4977723243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  840965496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1597837111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1597833135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5181                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       1162                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     84098996                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1597833135                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5181                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         3195661926                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1345540487                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                7811                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               3886                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           420505708                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          504580021                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    504570542                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  336379328                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 168191214                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                4977723243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         84101086                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 1107      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1093262151     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      55      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      238      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    200      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     694      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                    1006      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   1118      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               336378495     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              168190445     10.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                833      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               769      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1597837111                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          504570605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10514763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.986874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4047079603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4047079603                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data    325865565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      325865565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data    168190277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     168190277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data    494055842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       494055842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data    494055842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      494055842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data     10513796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10513796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data     10514763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      10514763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data     10514763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     10514763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 901442895500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 901442895500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     68345000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68345000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 901511240500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 901511240500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 901511240500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 901511240500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    336379361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    336379361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    168191244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    168191244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data    504570605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    504570605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data    504570605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    504570605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85739.051385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85739.051385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 70677.352637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70677.352637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85737.666222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85737.666222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85737.666222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85737.666222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     10513796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10513796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     10514763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10514763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     10514763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10514763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 890929099500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 890929099500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     67378000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67378000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 890996477500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 890996477500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 890996477500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 890996477500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84739.051385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84739.051385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 69677.352637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69677.352637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84737.666222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84737.666222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84737.666222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84737.666222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements              10514755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          414.736401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1093256498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         2366356.056277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   414.736401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.810032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.810032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       8746052446                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      8746052446                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst   1093256036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1093256036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst   1093256036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1093256036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst   1093256036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1093256036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38578500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38578500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38578500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38578500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38578500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38578500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1093256498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1093256498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1093256498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1093256498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1093256498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1093256498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83503.246753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83503.246753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83503.246753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83503.246753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83503.246753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83503.246753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38116500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38116500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82503.246753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82503.246753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82503.246753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82503.246753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82503.246753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82503.246753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  298173481                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  134478825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         7458                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                         2115                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1346437659                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          188                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4977723243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1553413530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1494888012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              63978457                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   40092433                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     63413666                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1494888012                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     63978457                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3379609272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1238607057                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            68263236                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           54957013                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           810731330                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          826147914                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    432636810                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  298159832                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 134476978                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                4977723243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        105943965                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             20529383      1.32%      1.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1049157022     67.54%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  268761      0.02%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   237032      0.02%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               16790473      1.08%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                   20512      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   62606      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      18      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   11198      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc               33600414      2.16%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                 28404      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              11959      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              47328      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                192      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult             11418      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               297979019     19.18%     91.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              125484177      8.08%     99.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             180813      0.01%     99.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           8992801      0.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1553413530                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          432652306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         57557866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.516823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3518776314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3518776314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    252738856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      252738856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data    122355584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     122355584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    375094440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       375094440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    375094440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      375094440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     45434625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     45434625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     12123241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     12123241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     57557866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     57557866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 594768434500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 594768434500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 172327435000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 172327435000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 767095869500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 767095869500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 767095869500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 767095869500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    298173481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    298173481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    134478825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    134478825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    432652306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    432652306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    432652306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    432652306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.090150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.090150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.133035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.133035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13090.642533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13090.642533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14214.634107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14214.634107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13327.385513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13327.385513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13327.385513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13327.385513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     20862320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         20862320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     45434625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     45434625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     12123241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     12123241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     57557866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     57557866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 549333809500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 549333809500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 160204194000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 160204194000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 709538003500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 709538003500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 709538003500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 709538003500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.090150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.133035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.133035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12090.642533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12090.642533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13214.634107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13214.634107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12327.385513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12327.385513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12327.385513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12327.385513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              57557858                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.090664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1346437659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         332453.742963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   510.090664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.996271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10771505322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10771505322                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1346433609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1346433609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1346433609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1346433609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1346433609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1346433609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    255528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    255528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    255528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    255528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    255528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    255528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1346437659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1346437659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1346437659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1346437659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1346437659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1346437659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 63093.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63093.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 63093.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63093.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 63093.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63093.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         3538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    251478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    251478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    251478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 62093.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62093.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 62093.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62093.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 62093.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62093.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  3538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102777.816526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   136152064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10133277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     13.436134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      13.593706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        6.950130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    101254.349632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst       29.705380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     1473.217676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.386255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.005620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.392066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        29100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        69937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2188586669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2188586669                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     20864185                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         20864185                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         3583                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3583                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              409                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         12000664                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              12001073                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          1546                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1546                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data       525331                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     45417475                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          45942806                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data              525740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                1546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            57418139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 57945425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data             525740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst               1546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           57418139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                57945425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         122577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              123135                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2966                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data      9988465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        17150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10005615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data           9989023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              2504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            139727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10131716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data          9989023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             2504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           139727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10131716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     61597500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  16007718000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   16069315500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37415000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    229071500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    266486500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 869365057500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4288057000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 873653114500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 869426655000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    229071500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  20295775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     889988916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 869426655000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    229071500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  20295775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    889988916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     20864185                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     20864185                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         3583                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3583                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          967                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     12123241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          12124208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4512                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10513796                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     45434625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      55948421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        10514763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             68077141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data       10514763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       57557866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            68077141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.577042                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.010111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.010156                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.618272                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.657358                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.950034                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.178836                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.618272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.002428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.148827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.618272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.002428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.148827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 110389.784946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130593.161849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130501.607991                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80984.848485                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91482.228435                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89847.100472                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87036.902817                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 250032.478134                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87316.283357                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80984.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87038.207340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91482.228435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 145253.064905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87841.873627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80984.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87038.207340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91482.228435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 145253.064905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87841.873627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              122740                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    122740                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks         1273                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1273                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       122577                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         123135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2504                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2966                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data      9988465                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        17150                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10005615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data      9989023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       139727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10131716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data      9989023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       139727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10131716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     56017500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  14781948000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14837965500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32795000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    204031500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236826500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 769480407500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4116557000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 773596964500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 769536425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    204031500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  18898505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 788671756500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 769536425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    204031500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  18898505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 788671756500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.577042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.010111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.618272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.950034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.618272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.148827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.618272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.148827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 100389.784946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120593.161849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120501.607991                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 70984.848485                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81482.228435                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79847.100472                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77036.902817                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 240032.478134                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77316.283357                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 70984.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77038.207340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81482.228435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 135253.064905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77841.873627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 70984.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77038.207340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81482.228435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 135253.064905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77841.873627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       10030246                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20159500                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10027784                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10008581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       122740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9905044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            123135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           123135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10008581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     30291216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     30291216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               30291216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    656285184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    656285184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               656285184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10131716                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10131716    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10131716                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         20712548500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        55743673418                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    136153337                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     68076196                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3735                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3735                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2488861621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          55952933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     20986925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        57115934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         12124208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        12124208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     55948421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     31544281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    172673590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             204230478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    673064192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       485632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5018891904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             5692474176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10030246                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   7855360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         78107387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               78103652    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3735      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           78107387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        88944436500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            693499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15884332175                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           6075499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       86336805487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
