
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.089738                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89738052500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                89738052500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 502891                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   955590                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1621368049                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8584640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    55.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    27833534                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      52889119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22238912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data         40896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           22376128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        67072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         96320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        34304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           34304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           1048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data            639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              349627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           325926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        247820310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           747420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data           455726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             249349383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       325926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       747420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1073346                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks         382268                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               382268                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks         382268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          325926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       247820310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          747420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data          455726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            249731651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       536.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347482.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1048.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples       639.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.046545916485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           29                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           29                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              710728                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                494                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      349627                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        536                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    349627                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               22376064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   30208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                22376128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                34304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            11080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            11052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            10963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            10919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            10918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            10936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            10933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            10912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            10917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            10911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            10979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            10993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            11047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            11005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            10988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            10932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18               35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30               46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   89737973500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                349627                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  536                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  349030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    987.301666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   943.677790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.452859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          269      1.19%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          449      1.98%      3.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          108      0.48%      3.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      0.28%      3.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      0.15%      4.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.10%      4.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          186      0.82%      4.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           86      0.38%      5.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        21477     94.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean          10902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6741.417648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  20205.285406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           10     34.48%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            5     17.24%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            6     20.69%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            3     10.34%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      3.45%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::110592-112639            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.275862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.262058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.701862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25     86.21%     86.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4     13.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22238848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        67072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data        40896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        30208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 325926.395605699159                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 247819596.931858986616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 747419.830623135087                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 455726.404358953529                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 336624.198524923413                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347483                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1048                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data          639                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          536                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14519414                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  15876454812                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     36378118                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data     21168773                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2596414008105                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     31771.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     45689.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     34711.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     33127.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 4844055985.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9832863125                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             15948521117                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1164953832                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28123.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45615.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       249.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    249.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      40.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   327052                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     348                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                64.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     256274.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    93.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             17703595.728001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             31242643.941597                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            477651766.838404                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           148620.528000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         3710446967.304114                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         2833507811.332889                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         330518555.673582                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12364069809.033344                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    397555913.999971                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     16318217063.216276                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           36980039636.970543                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            412.088725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          81654535698                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1865503500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1921500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  45189351920                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1656490736                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4296469294                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  34808737050                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             17691120.720001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             31231632.347997                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            481338227.664003                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           964853.904000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         3726667500.494517                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         2907951114.096089                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         341748206.015978                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12367391375.874899                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    401276425.199970                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     16382272910.624271                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           37179191154.486519                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            414.307979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          81413104731                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1943005000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1929900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  44925907920                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1671985066                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4449132109                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  34818122405                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902846                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       179476105                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 179476105                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34459784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34459784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14294500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14294500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34474078500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34474078500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34474078500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34474078500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99110.656044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99110.656044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54145.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54145.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99076.540290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99076.540290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99076.540290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99076.540290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34112094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34112094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14030500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14030500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34126124500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34126124500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34126124500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34126124500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98110.656044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98110.656044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53145.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53145.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98076.540290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98076.540290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98076.540290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98076.540290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          355.874074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.577681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   355.874074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.695067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.695067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223225                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85347.921225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85347.921225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85347.921225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85347.921225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85347.921225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85347.921225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84347.921225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84347.921225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84347.921225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84347.921225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84347.921225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84347.921225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                      10118                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                      10206                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                           25                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           15                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                      60909                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           99                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   39                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                          549831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                      45057                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                        90661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                87549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5704                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       1816                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts         7419                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                       87549                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5704                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             171347                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes             66923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                6430                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2522                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads               50243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes              25429                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        20296                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      10106                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     10190                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              548146.574496                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles               1684.425504                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003064                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996936                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            10053                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 1534      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    66985     73.89%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      51      0.06%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.02%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    186      0.21%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                      16      0.02%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     530      0.58%     76.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      12      0.01%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                     350      0.39%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                    680      0.75%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    9296     10.25%     87.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                   7312      8.07%     95.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                810      0.89%     96.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              2878      3.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                     90661                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              20324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.506430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           167102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          167102                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data         6925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data         8889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data        15814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           15814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data        15814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          15814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data         3193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data         1317                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1317                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data         4510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data         4510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     58288500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58288500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     47450500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47450500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    105739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    105739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    105739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    105739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        10118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        10206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        20324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        20324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        20324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        20324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.315576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.315576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.129042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.129042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 18255.089258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18255.089258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 36029.233106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36029.233106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23445.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23445.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23445.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23445.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         3919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         3193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         1317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         4510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         4510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     55095500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55095500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     46133500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46133500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    101229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    101229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.315576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.129042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 17255.089258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17255.089258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 35029.233106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35029.233106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22445.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22445.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22445.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22445.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                  4502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.633959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              60909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            53.428947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.633959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           488412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          488412                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst        59769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          59769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst        59769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           59769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        59769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          59769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     93734500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93734500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     93734500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93734500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     93734500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93734500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst        60909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        60909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst        60909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        60909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst        60909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        60909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82223.245614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82223.245614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82223.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82223.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82223.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82223.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     92594500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92594500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     92594500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92594500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     92594500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92594500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81223.245614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81223.245614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81223.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81223.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81223.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81223.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 88206.281299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      707140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    349642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.022469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       0.001074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst      204.422608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    87064.403410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      584.767485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data      352.686723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.332124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.002231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.001345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.336480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        27586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        71589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  11664170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 11664170                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          649                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              649                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data              891                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1024                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst            92                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 92                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          338                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         2980                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              3318                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                  92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data                3871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                 92                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data               3871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data            426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1048                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1505                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data          213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          347565                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              1048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data               639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 349627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347483                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             1048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data              639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                349627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12236000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     34784000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      47020000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37851500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89883000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    127734500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33586981500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     18982000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33605963500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33599217500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89883000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     53766000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      33780718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33599217500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89883000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     53766000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     33780718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          649                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          649                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         1317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         1140                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1597                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         3193                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        350883                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            1140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data            4510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               354061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           1140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data           4510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              354061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.323462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.352309                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.919298                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.942392                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999028                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.066708                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990544                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.919298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.141685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.987477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.919298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.141685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.987477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93404.580153                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 81652.582160                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84416.517056                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82826.039387                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85766.221374                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84873.421927                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96694.366234                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 89117.370892                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96689.722786                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82826.039387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96693.125995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85766.221374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 84140.845070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96619.305717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82826.039387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96693.125995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85766.221374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 84140.845070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96619.305717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           18                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            18                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          426                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            557                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1048                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1505                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347352                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          213                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       347565                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            349627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           349627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10926000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     30524000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41450000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33281500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     79403000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112684500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30113461500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     16852000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30130313500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33281500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30124387500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     79403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     47376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30284448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33281500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30124387500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     79403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     47376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30284448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.323462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.919298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.066708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.919298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.987477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.919298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83404.580153                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 71652.582160                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74416.517056                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72826.039387                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 75766.221374                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74873.421927                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86694.366234                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 79117.370892                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86689.722786                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72826.039387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86693.125995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 75766.221374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74140.845070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86619.305717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72826.039387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86693.125995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 75766.221374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74140.845070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86619.305717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         246611                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        595446                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245819                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             349070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           245283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        349070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       945073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       945073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 945073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22410432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     22410432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22410432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            349627                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  349627    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              349627                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           597678500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1923817428                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       707158                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       353097                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            809                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          809                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89738052500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            352480                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          649                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          594053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       350883                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1061219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       113152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       539456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22987520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          246611                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     34304                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           600672                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001347                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 599863     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    809      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             600672                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          358698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            686498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         521939483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1710998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           6765499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
