
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.141018                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4141017697500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4141017697500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 200725                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   357681                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              808732391                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8574580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5120.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1831462407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22238592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         52224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data     805622528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          827942592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        52224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         81472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     36115392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        36115392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data       12587852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            12936603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       564303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             564303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             7063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          5370320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            12611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data        194546990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             199936985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         7063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        12611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            19674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        8721381                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8721381                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        8721381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            7063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         5370320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           12611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data       194546990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            208658365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    564278.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347478.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       816.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples  12580997.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.077528071652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        33286                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        33286                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            26977124                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             532989                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    12936603                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     564303                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  12936603                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   564303                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              827503872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  438720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                36110784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               827942592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             36115392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   6855                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            405381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            405016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            404129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            403919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            403656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            402201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            401674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            401808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            401288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            401936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           401740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           401782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           401661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           400572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           400958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           401774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           401976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           401028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           404399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           407656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           407581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           410315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           411555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           406293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           405243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           405302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           405186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           404382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           404553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           405425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           404285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           405074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             17673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             17474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             17543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             17625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             17540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             17558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             17513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             17552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             17606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             17665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            17728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            17650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            17817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            17427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            17330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            17447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            17431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            17405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            17582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            17680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            17591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            18004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            18024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            17850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            17800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            17693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            17808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            17617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            17568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            17711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            17622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            17697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  4141002633500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              12936603                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               564303                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                12902448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   27300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  15481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  16119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  33255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  33288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  33292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  33289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  33296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  33292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  33287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  33289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  33291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  33291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  33304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  33290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  33297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  33286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  33287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  33286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2166154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    398.685715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.289242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   426.550471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1168427     53.94%     53.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       130880      6.04%     59.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        45788      2.11%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        46805      2.16%     64.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        46933      2.17%     66.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        50762      2.34%     68.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        49801      2.30%     71.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        37218      1.72%     72.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       589540     27.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2166154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     388.443820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     32.637840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2081.901679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        32204     96.75%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095          152      0.46%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143           98      0.29%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191          112      0.34%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239          154      0.46%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287          185      0.56%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335          162      0.49%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383          104      0.31%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431           67      0.20%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479           33      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            7      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         33286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.951000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.922076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.991917                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            17171     51.59%     51.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              632      1.90%     53.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            15428     46.35%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               53      0.16%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         33286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22238592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        52224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data    805183808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     36110784                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 7062.998068725352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 5370320.444036209024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 12611.392612866273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 194441044.887613654137                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8720267.972242830321                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347478                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          816                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data     12587852                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       564303                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     13901008                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  11198986163                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     30141740                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data 444717453512                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 229362433272501                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     30417.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     32229.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     36938.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     35329.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 406452620.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 229793330407                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            455960482423                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                43081920336                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17772.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35264.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       199.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         8.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    199.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 11293846                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   33979                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 6.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     306720.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             1669874942.736048                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             2947971533.519308                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            17662906290.280037                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           663243876.287939                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         194019204334.572113                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         143995497634.463196                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         9009466195.411566                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    478184676780.980042                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    137360453631.886368                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     571031047369.533325                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1556727330377.811523                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            375.928683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         3808455019852                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18298453806                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  100475200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1889885658308                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 572335199242                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  213782467342                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1346240718802                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             1707973617.168153                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             3015230347.227814                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            17802130530.298512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           667808649.647939                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         195354694900.564056                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         145383263164.114624                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         8941253859.262684                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    482923915630.863098                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    137147647788.282501                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     566268296318.305664                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1559380465668.970459                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            376.569380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         3805721344875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18052024752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  101166800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1874735255340                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 571448418691                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  216031755053                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1359583443664                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       170166245                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              166669936.477233                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3496308.522767                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.020546                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.979454                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29805935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29805935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13807000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13807000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29819742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29819742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29819742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29819742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85725.603267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85725.603267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 52299.242424                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52299.242424                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85700.241986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85700.241986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85700.241986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85700.241986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29458245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29458245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13543000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13543000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29471788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29471788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29471788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29471788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84725.603267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84725.603267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 51299.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51299.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84700.241986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84700.241986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84700.241986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84700.241986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          434.353582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   434.353582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.848347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38410500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38410500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38410500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38410500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38410500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38410500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84049.234136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84049.234136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84049.234136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84049.234136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84049.234136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84049.234136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37953500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37953500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37953500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37953500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37953500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37953500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83049.234136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83049.234136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83049.234136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83049.234136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83049.234136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83049.234136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  301390377                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  114776637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                     18835345                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       552180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1278068766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                  307                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8282035395                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1778663949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1751849526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              16785323                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   33951309                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    187919534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1751849526                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     16785323                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3533242347                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1411266229                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            17600617                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10350286                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1194687359                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          549028284                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    416127400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  301350773                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 114776627                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                8282035395                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        235945771                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             20195458      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1326817241     74.60%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 3164674      0.18%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  4825034      0.27%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                2088766      0.12%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                  356154      0.02%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      32      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  781008      0.04%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                4308182      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               298976582     16.81%     93.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              109122532      6.14%     99.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            2374191      0.13%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           5654095      0.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1778663949                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          416167014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        124363182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.346384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3453699294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3453699294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    189718044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      189718044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data    102085788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     102085788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    291803832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       291803832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    291803832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      291803832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data    111672333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    111672333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     12690849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     12690849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data    124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total     124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data    124363182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total    124363182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2358276210500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2358276210500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 212815589500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 212815589500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2571091800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2571091800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2571091800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2571091800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    301390377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    301390377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    114776637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114776637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    416167014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    416167014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    416167014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    416167014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.370524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.370524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.110570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.110570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.298830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.298830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.298830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.298830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 21117.819850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21117.819850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16769.216110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16769.216110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 20674.059305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20674.059305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 20674.059305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20674.059305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     75471469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         75471469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    111672333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    111672333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     12690849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     12690849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    124363182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    124363182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2246603877500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2246603877500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 200124740500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 200124740500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2446728618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2446728618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2446728618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2446728618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.370524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.110570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.298830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.298830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 20117.819850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20117.819850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15769.216110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15769.216110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 19674.059305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19674.059305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 19674.059305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19674.059305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements             124363174                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          507.739266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1278068766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         1552938.962333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   507.739266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.991678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10224550951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10224550951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1278067943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1278067943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1278067943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1278067943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1278067943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1278067943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     73970500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73970500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     73970500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73970500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     73970500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73970500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1278068766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1278068766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1278068766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1278068766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1278068766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1278068766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89879.100851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89879.100851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89879.100851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89879.100851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89879.100851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89879.100851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     73147500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73147500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     73147500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73147500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     73147500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73147500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88879.100851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88879.100851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88879.100851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88879.100851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88879.100851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88879.100851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102795.139153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   249419822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  12937211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     19.279257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       0.814893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        3.124483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     6084.019502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst        4.078735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    96703.101541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.023209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.368893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.392132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        22093                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        77727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4003719099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4003719099                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     75472023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         75472023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          332                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              332                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         12327784                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              12327919                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  7                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          341                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     99447546                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          99447887                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           111775330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                111775813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                476                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                  7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          111775330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               111775813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         363065                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              363194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          816                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1273                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347349                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data     12224787                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        12572136                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst               816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data          12587852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               12936603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst              816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data         12587852                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              12936603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11728500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  51646061000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   51657789500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37254500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     71816500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    109071000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28922166000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1034894921500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1063817087500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37254500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28933894500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     71816500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1086540982500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1115583948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37254500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28933894500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     71816500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1086540982500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1115583948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     75472023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     75472023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          332                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          332                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     12690849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          12691113                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1280                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    111672333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     112020023                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst             823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data       124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            124712416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      124363182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           124712416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.488636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.028608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.028618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.991495                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.994531                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999019                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.991495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.101218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.103731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.991495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.101218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.103731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90918.604651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 142250.178343                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142231.946288                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81519.693654                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88010.416667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85680.282797                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83265.436204                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 84655.456287                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84617.052146                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81519.693654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83268.277416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88010.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86316.631503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86234.689895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81519.693654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83268.277416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88010.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86316.631503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86234.689895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              564303                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    564303                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks         4046                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          4046                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       363065                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         363194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          816                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1273                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347349                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     12224787                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     12572136                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     12587852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          12936603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     12587852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         12936603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10438500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  48015411000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48025849500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32684500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     63656500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96341000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  25448676000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 912647051500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 938095727500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32684500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  25459114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     63656500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 960662462500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 986217918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32684500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  25459114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     63656500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 960662462500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 986217918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.488636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.028608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.991495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.991495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.101218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.103731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.991495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.101218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.103731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 80918.604651                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132250.178343                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132231.946288                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71519.693654                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 78010.416667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75680.282797                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73265.436204                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74655.456287                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74617.052146                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71519.693654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73268.277416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 78010.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76316.631503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76234.689895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71519.693654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73268.277416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 78010.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76316.631503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76234.689895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       12834180                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      25769219                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12832616                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12573409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       564303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         12268313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            363194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           363194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      12573409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     38705822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     38705822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               38705822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    864057984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    864057984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               864057984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12936603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                12936603    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12936603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         28050261000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        71040381438                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    249423868                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    124711452                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5610                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5610                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4141017697500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         112021303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     76036326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        61508974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         12691113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        12691113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    112020023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    373089538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             374136284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  12789417664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            12811825344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        12834180                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  36115392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        137546596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              137540986    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5610      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          137546596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       200184289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            686997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         526167011                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1235997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      186544775495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
