
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.958830                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2958829654500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2958829654500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 264324                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   507374                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              416102123                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8712096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7110.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1879562484                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3607845690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data     770748096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst      11162624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      89067136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          871007424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst     11162624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      11192192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     64289728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        64289728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data       12042939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst         174416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data        1391674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            13609491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1004527                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1004527                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             9993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        260490865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst          3772648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         30102151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             294375657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         9993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      3772648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          3782642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       21728094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             21728094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       21728094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            9993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       260490865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst         3772648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        30102151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            316103751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1004324.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples  12042937.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples    174416.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples   1371644.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.004327773652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        57221                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        57221                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            28758797                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             961801                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    13609491                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1004527                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  13609491                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1004527                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              869725376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1282048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                64273536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               871007424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             64289728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  20032                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   203                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            422500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            424042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            424355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            425628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            426712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            425275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            426000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            427867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            423750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            427360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           426946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           423689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           421949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           425389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           425196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           419933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           420963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           422187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           423868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           425640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           423109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           422838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           424638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           426298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           423005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           423304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           426896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           425609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           425183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           427940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           426106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           425284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             32327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             30734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             30517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             30064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             32384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             34379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             31732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             31185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             31606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             30996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            31286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            33949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            30963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            30625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            30092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            31598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            30749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            30221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            32471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            33767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            31328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            31240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            30044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            30361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            30191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            29987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            31068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            30549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            30325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            31170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            33350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            33016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2958829444500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              13609491                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1004527                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                13012231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  577221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  43324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  44354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  57011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  57301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  57303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  57327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  57298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  57314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  57314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  57292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  57299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  57306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  57336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  57327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  57443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  57224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  57221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  57221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2385609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    391.513801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.502800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   416.522281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1106036     46.36%     46.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       346581     14.53%     60.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        78201      3.28%     64.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        51322      2.15%     66.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        46770      1.96%     68.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        38803      1.63%     69.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        38670      1.62%     71.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       103090      4.32%     75.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       576136     24.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2385609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        57221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     237.489366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    164.165468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    443.308200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        57220    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         57221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        57221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.550794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.529008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.857575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            12897     22.54%     22.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              971      1.70%     24.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            42296     73.92%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1053      1.84%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         57221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data    770747968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst     11162624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     87785216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     64273536                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 9993.140346904009                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 260490821.709790319204                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 3772648.412869284861                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 29668898.264045026153                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21722621.274343457073                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data     12042939                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst       174416                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data      1391674                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1004527                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14235815                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data 420065347545                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst  12631239810                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  84162636277                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 163718976681342                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     30813.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     34880.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     72420.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     60475.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 162981160.97                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 279166642619                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            516873459447                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                45280077388                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20542.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38034.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       293.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        21.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    294.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     21.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 11988144                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  219979                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     202465.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             1874340323.858683                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             3308928818.829350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            18642385765.697132                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           1189995131.471535                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         205748677397.725037                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         160919132809.509277                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         8934625423.707024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    562520736521.883789                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    104089884385.017670                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     202160724071.684021                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1272806163006.390137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            430.172167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2583758922808                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24529182089                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  106549450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 566378303200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 433707692077                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  243991938755                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1583673088379                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             1845722655.506660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             3258410380.291275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            18632173940.061844                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           1179143473.871562                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         206208259171.446960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         160151361075.098846                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         9036187662.555313                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    563368383751.318115                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    105175722276.060547                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     201140019930.721802                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1273437862439.526855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            430.385663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2585008585904                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24894546825                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  106787450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 560724848989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 438232250090                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  242130495951                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1586060062645                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  399992349                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  199997858                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       195621                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           42                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1300001551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   45                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5917659309                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1900003069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1899998558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       1302                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    100002765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1899998558                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         3799992224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1599995212                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                8891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               4426                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           500025958                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          600000832                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    599990133                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  399992310                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 199997823                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                5917659309                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        100005125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 1242      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1300007918     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      65      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      273      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    210      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     794      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                    1166      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   1268      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               399991347     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              199997004     10.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                963      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               819      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1900003069                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          599990207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         12503054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.987492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4812424710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4812424710                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data    387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data    199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1071231767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1071231767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     70738000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70738000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1071302505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1071302505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1071302505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1071302505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85685.057959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85685.057959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 65076.356946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65076.356946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85683.266264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85683.266264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85683.266264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85683.266264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1058729800000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058729800000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     69651000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69651000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1058799451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058799451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1058799451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058799451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84685.057959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84685.057959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 64076.356946                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64076.356946                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84683.266264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84683.266264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84683.266264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84683.266264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements              12503046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          415.107487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1300001551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         2813856.170996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   415.107487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.810757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.810757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10400012870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     10400012870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84400.432900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.432900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84400.432900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.432900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84400.432900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.432900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83400.432900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83400.432900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83400.432900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83400.432900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83400.432900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83400.432900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  222046753                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  125964013                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                      1816941                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       128951                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1165350324                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                       721756                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                 1667                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5917659300                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  879562484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1707842621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1689112636                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              16102984                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   23182926                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    160951402                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1689112636                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     16102984                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3265932752                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1361972472                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            15558746                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            8785353                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           968152422                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          550684707                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    347840965                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  221956531                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 125884434                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                5917659300                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        198247937                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             14231698      0.83%      0.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1340325596     78.48%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  701191      0.04%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    88753      0.01%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 586976      0.03%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                   74918      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                 1031024      0.06%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                    2520      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  480806      0.03%     79.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                1892116      0.11%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                     84      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  1680      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                364      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt             521196      0.03%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 94      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult             62640      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               217700474     12.75%     92.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              119343913      6.99%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            4256057      0.25%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           6540521      0.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1707842621                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          348010765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         96808683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.594830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2880894811                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2880894811                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    145109545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      145109545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data    106092537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     106092537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    251202082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       251202082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    251202082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      251202082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     76937208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     76937208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     19871476                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19871476                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     96808684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      96808684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     96808684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     96808684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1085595988500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1085595988500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 314010949500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 314010949500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1399606938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1399606938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1399606938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1399606938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    222046753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    222046753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    125964013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    125964013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    348010766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    348010766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    348010766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    348010766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.346491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.346491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.157755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.157755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.278177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.278177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14110.155758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14110.155758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15802.094897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15802.094897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14457.452371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14457.452371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14457.452371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14457.452371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     64084248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         64084248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     76937208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     76937208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     19871476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19871476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     96808684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     96808684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     96808684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     96808684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1008658781500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1008658781500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 294139473500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 294139473500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1302798255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1302798255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1302798255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1302798255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.346491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.157755                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157755                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.278177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.278177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13110.155771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13110.155771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14802.094897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14802.094897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13457.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13457.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13457.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13457.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              96808675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.986956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1165350324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs         10235592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           113.852753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.986956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       9333038184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      9333038184                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1155114732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1155114732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1155114732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1155114732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1155114732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1155114732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst     10235592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     10235592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst     10235592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total      10235592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst     10235592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total     10235592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 153057950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 153057950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 153057950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 153057950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 153057950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 153057950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1165350324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1165350324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1165350324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1165350324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1165350324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1165350324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 14953.502445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14953.502445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 14953.502445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14953.502445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 14953.502445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14953.502445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks     10235080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total         10235080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst     10235592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10235592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst     10235592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10235592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst     10235592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10235592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 142822358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 142822358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 142822358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 142822358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 142822358000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 142822358000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13953.502445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13953.502445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13953.502445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13953.502445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13953.502445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13953.502445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements              10235080                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102685.936860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   239092865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  13652793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     17.512378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     324.775178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        5.960980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    91625.973352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     1332.106970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     9397.120375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.001239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.349525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.005082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.035847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        30296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        68518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                3839167001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               3839167001                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     64086339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         64086339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks     10235125                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         10235125                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              456                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         19284373                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              19284829                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst      10061176                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           10061176                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data       459659                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     76132637                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          76592296                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data              460115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            10061176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            95417010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                105938301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data             460115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           10061176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           95417010                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               105938301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            631                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         587103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              587734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       174416                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           174878                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data     12042308                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       804571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        12846879                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          12042939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst            174416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data           1391674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               13609491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data         12042939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst           174416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data          1391674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              13609491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     63180500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  61702626500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   61765807000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37826000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst  21547019000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  21584845000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1034545362000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  93309633500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1127854995500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1034608542500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst  21547019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 155012260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1211205647500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1034608542500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst  21547019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 155012260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1211205647500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     64086339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     64086339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks     10235125                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     10235125                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     19871476                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          19872563                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     10235592                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       10236054                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     76937208                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      89439175                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst        10235592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        96808684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            119547792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data       12503054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       10235592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       96808684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           119547792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.580497                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.029545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.029575                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.017040                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.017085                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.963233                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.010458                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.143638                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.963200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.017040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.014376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.113841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.963200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.017040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.014376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.113841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 100127.575277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 105096.765815                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105091.430817                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81874.458874                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 123538.087102                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123428.018390                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85909.226205                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 115974.393186                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87792.139671                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81874.458874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85909.971187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 123538.087102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 111385.468148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88997.130569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81874.458874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85909.971187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 123538.087102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 111385.468148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88997.130569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1004527                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1004527                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks         1773                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1773                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          631                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       587103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         587734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       174416                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       174878                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12042308                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       804571                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     12846879                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12042939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       174416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      1391674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          13609491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12042939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       174416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      1391674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         13609491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     56870500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  55831596500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55888467000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33206000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst  19802859000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19836065000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 914122282000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  85263923500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 999386205500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33206000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 914179152500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst  19802859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 141095520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075110737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33206000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 914179152500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst  19802859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 141095520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075110737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.580497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.029545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.017040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.963233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.010458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.963200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.017040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.014376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.113841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.963200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.017040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.014376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.113841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90127.575277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 95096.765815                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95091.430817                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71874.458874                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 113538.087102                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113428.018390                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 75909.226205                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 105974.393186                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77792.139671                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71874.458874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 75909.971187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 113538.087102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 101385.468148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78997.130569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71874.458874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 75909.971187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 113538.087102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 101385.468148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78997.130569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       13549762                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      27115431                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13505940                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13021757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1004527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         12501413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            587734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           587734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      13021757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     40724922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     40724922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               40724922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    935297152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    935297152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               935297152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13609491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13609491    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13609491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         31516481500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        74697083357                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    239094638                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    119546846                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          45595                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        45595                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2958829654500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          99675228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     65090866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     10235125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        57770617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         19872563                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        19872563                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      10236054                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     89439175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37509154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30706264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    290426042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             358642429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    800329280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1310123008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  10297147584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            12407632320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        13549762                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  64289728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        133097554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.018505                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              133051959     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  45595      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          133097554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       193868783000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            696493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18968845113                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy       15353405465                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      145213094859                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
