
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.437186                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3437185798500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3437185798500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 212899                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   413732                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              711989407                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8712940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4827.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788478                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1997324349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst       2497920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      60969408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           85735680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      2497920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       2527168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     48606016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        48606016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst          39030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         952647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1339620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       759469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             759469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             8509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          6470149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           726734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         17738176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              24943569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         8509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       726734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           735243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       14141224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14141224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       14141224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            8509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         6470149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          726734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        17738176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             39084793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    759469.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347486.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples     39030.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    951317.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.081640543652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        44348                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        44348                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             3737289                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             730349                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1339620                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     759469                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1339620                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   759469                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               85650560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   85120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                48602048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                85735680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             48606016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             40882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             41098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             41396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             41827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             42423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             42172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             43154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             42624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             42238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             43069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            42942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            42141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            41923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            41824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            41973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            41222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            41300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            41503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            41494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            42013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            41285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            41241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            41845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            41454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            41162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            41024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            41838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            41617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            41896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            42319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            41841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            41550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             23602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             22901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             24153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             23656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            23985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            23850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            23667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            23436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            23682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            23608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            23538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            24032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            24326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            23501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            23407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            23485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            23846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            23624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            23460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            23614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            23416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            23436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            23743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            24361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            24062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3437182757500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1339620                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               759469                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1318195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   20095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  24190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  25624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  44321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  44349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  44350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  44351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  44350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  44349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  44350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  44350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  44351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  44367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  44375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  44351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  44350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  44348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  44348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  44348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1003934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    133.726400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.179240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.696520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       710005     70.72%     70.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       206328     20.55%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21377      2.13%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11438      1.14%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9500      0.95%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4198      0.42%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2948      0.29%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2842      0.28%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        35298      3.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1003934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.176581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.332648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    441.337208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        44347    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         44348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.123816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.095666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.976846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            18726     42.23%     42.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1432      3.23%     45.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            24163     54.48%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               27      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         44348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22239104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst      2497920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     60884288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     48602048                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 8509.286874385414                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 6470148.925235645846                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 726734.062816767488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 17713411.950721465051                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 14140070.059992132708                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst        39030                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       952647                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       759469                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     15880520                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  13404880490                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst   5170964733                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data 105671784873                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 190490116578619                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     34749.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     38576.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst    132486.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data    110924.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 250820134.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 100854141936                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            124263510616                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4459182280                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     75360.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                92852.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        24.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     24.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   979521                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  114240                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                15.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1637464.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    52.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             785939538.384326                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             1387482816.787468                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            1845720968.181651                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           896318609.087921                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         114020210495.597855                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         69122795985.459244                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         8651239751.323729                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    205625014536.997772                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    140111124723.124115                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     642895739889.562378                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1185681892184.352783                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            344.957172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         3263741300470                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23303435994                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   59046750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2101050462986                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 583796265662                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   91089253021                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 578899630837                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             779574165.552354                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             1376245485.518669                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            1825077884.719208                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           895165030.703918                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         112724595407.002533                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         68608104226.547493                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         8533046743.445364                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    203259392324.538025                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    138400268139.591980                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     646724152901.573486                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1183454604166.090088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            344.309174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         3265218582641                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22955158281                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   58375800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2116314485127                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 576667683682                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   90633187730                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 572239483680                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       174593315                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              170159044.141558                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4434270.858442                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.025398                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.974602                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32018030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32018030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13290000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13290000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32031320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32031320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32031320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32031320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92087.865627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92087.865627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 50340.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50340.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92056.191336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92056.191336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92056.191336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92056.191336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31670340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31670340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31683366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31683366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31683366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31683366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91087.865627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91087.865627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 49340.909091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49340.909091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91056.191336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91056.191336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91056.191336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91056.191336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.964840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   433.964840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.847588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.847588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     40367500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40367500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     40367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     40367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88331.509847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88331.509847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88331.509847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88331.509847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88331.509847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88331.509847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39910500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39910500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39910500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39910500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39910500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39910500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87331.509847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87331.509847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87331.509847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87331.509847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87331.509847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87331.509847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  260945653                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  147195245                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                      2536316                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       173851                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1326415799                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                       734596                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                 1675                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6874371597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1944525891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1922364252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              18161568                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   28285445                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    178651226                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1922364252                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     18161568                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3727553825                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1548622731                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            17349628                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10015892                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1079227711                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          612269837                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    407938083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  260838982                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 147099101                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                6874371597                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        222847088                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             17083237      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1513436195     77.83%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  705820      0.04%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    88760      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 635667      0.03%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                   85556      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                 1167982      0.06%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                    2520      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  480806      0.02%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                2025464      0.10%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                     84      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  1680      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                364      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt             779685      0.04%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 94      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult             93894      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               255806701     13.16%     92.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              139956456      7.20%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            5032281      0.26%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           7142645      0.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1944525891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          408140898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        117259452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.480665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3382386636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3382386636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    168161080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      168161080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data    122720366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     122720366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    290881446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       290881446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    290881446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      290881446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     92784573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     92784573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     24474879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     24474879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data    117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total     117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data    117259452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total    117259452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1276825232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1276825232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 392554009000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 392554009000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1669379241500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1669379241500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1669379241500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1669379241500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    260945653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    260945653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    147195245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    147195245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    408140898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    408140898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    408140898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    408140898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.355570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.355570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.166275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.166275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.287301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.287301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.287301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13761.180240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13761.180240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16039.058211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16039.058211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14236.628374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14236.628374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14236.628374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14236.628374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     80860361                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         80860361                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     92784573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     92784573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     24474879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     24474879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    117259452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    117259452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1184040659500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1184040659500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 368079130000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 368079130000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1552119789500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1552119789500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1552119789500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1552119789500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.355570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.166275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.287301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.287301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12761.180240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12761.180240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15039.058211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15039.058211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13236.628374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13236.628374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13236.628374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13236.628374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements             117259444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.988733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1326415799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11967639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           110.833540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.988733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10623294031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10623294031                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1314448160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1314448160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1314448160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1314448160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1314448160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1314448160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11967639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total      11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total     11967639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 162650740500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 162650740500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 162650740500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 162650740500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 162650740500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 162650740500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1326415799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1326415799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1326415799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1326415799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1326415799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1326415799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13590.879580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13590.879580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13590.879580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13590.879580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13590.879580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13590.879580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks     11967127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total         11967127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11967639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11967639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 150683101500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 150683101500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 150683101500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 150683101500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 150683101500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 150683101500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12590.879580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12590.879580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12590.879580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12590.879580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12590.879580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12590.879580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements              11967127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102716.081072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   259150035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1344447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    192.755858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     416.226859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       14.098637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7175.666551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     3044.938141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    92065.150885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.001588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.027373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.011616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.351201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       101723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4147745087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4147745087                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     80860910                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         80860910                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks     11967148                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         11967148                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         23932800                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              23932933                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst      11928609                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           11928609                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     92374005                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          92374340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            11928609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           116306805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                128235882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           11928609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          116306805                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               128235882                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         542079                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              542210                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst        39030                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            39487                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       410568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          757923                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst             39030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            952647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1339620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst            39030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           952647                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1339620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11228500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  79915234500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   79926463000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39209500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   7166035000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   7205244500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31126302000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  74359965000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 105486267000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31137530500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   7166035000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 154275199500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     192617974500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31137530500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   7166035000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 154275199500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    192617974500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     80860910                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     80860910                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks     11967148                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     11967148                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     24474879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          24475143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       11968096                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     92784573                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      93132263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst        11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data       117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            129575502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       11967639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      117259452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           129575502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.022148                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.022153                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003261                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.003299                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004425                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.003261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.008124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.003261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.008124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85713.740458                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 147423.594162                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147408.684827                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85797.592998                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 183603.253907                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182471.307012                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89609.483094                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 181114.857953                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139178.078776                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85797.592998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89608.014424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 183603.253907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 161943.720497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143785.532091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85797.592998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89608.014424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 183603.253907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 161943.720497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143785.532091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              759469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    759469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       542079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         542210                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        39030                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        39487                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       410568                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       757923                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        39030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       952647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1339620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        39030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       952647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1339620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data      9918500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  74494444500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  74504363000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     34639500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6775735000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6810374500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27652752000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  70254285000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97907037000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     34639500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27662670500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6775735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 144748729500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 179221774500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     34639500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27662670500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6775735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 144748729500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 179221774500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.022148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.008124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.008124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 75713.740458                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 137423.594162                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137408.684827                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 75797.592998                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 173603.253907                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172471.307012                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79609.483094                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 171114.857953                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129178.078776                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 75797.592998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79608.014424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 173603.253907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 151943.720497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133785.532091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 75797.592998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79608.014424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 173603.253907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 151943.720497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133785.532091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1241416                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2575696                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1236076                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             797410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       759469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           476607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            542210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           542210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        797410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3915316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3915316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3915316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    134341696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    134341696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               134341696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1339620                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1339620    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1339620                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          5681824000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7339120234                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    259150040                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    129574538                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5345                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5345                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3437185798500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         105100359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     81620379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11967148                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        37228427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         24475143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24475143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      11968096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     93132263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     35902405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    351778348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             388725542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1531825024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  12679668032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            14233827840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1241416                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  48606016                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        130816918                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              130811573    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5345      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          130816918                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       222403078000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            687496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         528299238                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy       17951459997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      175889178499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
