
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.000503                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3000503137000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3000503137000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 244876                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   481919                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              714884705                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8802112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4197.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2022702353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        662912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      15908224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           38839488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       662912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        692160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks      8720768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8720768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst          10358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         248566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              606867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       136262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             136262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             9748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          7411792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           220934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data          5301852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              12944325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         9748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       220934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           230681                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        2906435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2906435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        2906435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            9748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         7411792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          220934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data         5301852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             15850760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    136262.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347486.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples     10358.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    243488.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.134074911652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds         7795                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds         7795                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             1519465                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             134057                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      606867                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     136262                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    606867                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   136262                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               38514496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  324992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8717504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                38839488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8720768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   5078                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             18955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             19125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             19388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             19176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             19010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             18832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             19325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             18786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             18550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             19107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            18662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            18640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            18797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            18920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            19195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            18572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            18620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            18728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            18995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            18554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            18934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            18811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            18769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            18859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            18578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            19026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            18121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            18256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            18276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            18511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            19060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            18651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              4335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              4304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              4282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              4244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              4145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              4181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              4110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              4313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             4253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             4370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             4438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             4242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             4236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             4231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16             4152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17             4059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18             4063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19             4135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20             4392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21             4411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22             4413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23             4391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24             4312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25             4443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26             3986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27             4095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28             4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29             4218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30             4628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31             4404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3000486883500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                606867                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               136262                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  587888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   13901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   5710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   5778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   7796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                   7796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                   7796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                   7797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                   7795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       270156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    174.832319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.439532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   264.866945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       182705     67.63%     67.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        48923     18.11%     85.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9216      3.41%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3128      1.16%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2352      0.87%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1266      0.47%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1219      0.45%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1039      0.38%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20308      7.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       270156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      77.201283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     30.074445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1063.404753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         7794     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          7795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.474150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.451327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.876631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2018     25.89%     25.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               68      0.87%     26.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5704     73.18%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          7795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22239104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       662912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     15583232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      8717504                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 9747.698524069232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 7411791.617800265551                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 220933.613374855806                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 5193539.646014374681                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2905347.404074385297                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst        10358                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       248566                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       136262                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14248829                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  13614386003                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst   1075261690                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  58131540625                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 165608546356140                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     31179.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     39179.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst    103809.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data    233867.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1215368527.95                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  62308943959                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             72835437147                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2005160948                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                    103539.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               121031.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        12.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     12.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   438005                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   29839                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    4037639.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    63.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             211877095.247918                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             374044564.303314                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            831209143.296810                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           160604532.479998                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         63135046165.800812                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         28880211526.709942                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         5315664915.180883                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    118819674311.520111                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    79026581118.137360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     674687812911.584351                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           971722132019.657837                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            323.853063                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2922521759355                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14786917500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   32695250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2258737677560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 329277388627                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   30491236825                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 334514666488                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             209397687.407928                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             369667455.847304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            819439349.098387                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           160724844.335998                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         62937020489.768394                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         28771938737.155930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         5336118202.592121                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    118079871487.065613                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    79036024139.415771                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     675501281561.920288                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           971517125467.079590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            323.784739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2922654424668                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14892465508                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   32592700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2260912360680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 329316703567                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   30356607504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 332432299741                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       175001917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              169898494.414632                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5103422.585368                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.029162                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.970838                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32223142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32223142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14113500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14113500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32237255500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32237255500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32237255500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32237255500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92677.793437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92677.793437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53460.227273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53460.227273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92648.038246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92648.038246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92648.038246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92648.038246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31875452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31875452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13849500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13849500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31889301500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31889301500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31889301500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31889301500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91677.793437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91677.793437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 52460.227273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52460.227273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91648.038246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91648.038246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91648.038246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91648.038246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.663280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   433.663280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.846999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.846999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38733000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38733000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38733000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38733000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38733000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38733000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84754.923414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84754.923414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84754.923414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84754.923414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84754.923414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84754.923414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38276000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38276000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83754.923414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83754.923414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83754.923414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83754.923414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83754.923414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83754.923414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  297998031                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                   78250017                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                      5127827                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       482258                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1233692151                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                      2068626                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                  231                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6001006274                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1969903895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1946884918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               9009872                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   28851334                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    207765368                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1946884918                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      9009872                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3838192956                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1625286584                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             6126131                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            4306450                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1289501609                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          720658624                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    376068985                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  297872023                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  78196962                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                6001006274                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        249723706                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             20011458      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1567555461     79.58%     80.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1760109      0.09%     80.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  3686869      0.19%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 126737      0.01%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    6516      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                  279800      0.01%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                     234      0.00%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                    2856      0.00%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 403958      0.02%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                    23      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  5      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                606      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult               276      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 2      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               294446808     14.95%     95.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               73501456      3.73%     99.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            3425215      0.17%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           4695506      0.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1969903895                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          376248048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        102305136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.677704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           181500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3112289520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3112289520                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    210189408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      210189408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     63753504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      63753504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    273942912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       273942912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    273942912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      273942912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     87808623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     87808623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     14496513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     14496513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data    102305136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total     102305136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data    102305136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total    102305136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1151782043500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1151782043500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 247131198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 247131198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1398913241500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1398913241500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1398913241500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1398913241500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    297998031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    297998031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     78250017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     78250017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    376248048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    376248048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    376248048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    376248048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.294662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.294662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.185259                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.185259                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.271909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.271909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.271909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.271909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13116.958268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13116.958268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 17047.630558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17047.630558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13673.929738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13673.929738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13673.929738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13673.929738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     61527364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         61527364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     87808623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     87808623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     14496513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     14496513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    102305136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    102305136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    102305136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    102305136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1063973420500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1063973420500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 232634685000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 232634685000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1296608105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296608105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1296608105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296608105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.294662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.185259                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185259                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.271909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.271909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12116.958268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12116.958268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16047.630558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16047.630558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12673.929738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12673.929738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12673.929738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12673.929738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements             102305128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.988797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1233692151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          7702138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           160.175285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.988797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       9877239346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      9877239346                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1225990013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1225990013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1225990013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1225990013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1225990013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1225990013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst      7702138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      7702138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst      7702138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       7702138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst      7702138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      7702138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 101827192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 101827192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 101827192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 101827192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 101827192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 101827192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1233692151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1233692151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1233692151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1233692151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1233692151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1233692151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.006243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.006243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.006243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13220.639776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13220.639776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13220.639776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13220.639776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13220.639776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13220.639776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks      7701626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          7701626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst      7702138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7702138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst      7702138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7702138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst      7702138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7702138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst  94125054000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  94125054000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst  94125054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  94125054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst  94125054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  94125054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.006243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.006243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.006243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12220.639776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12220.639776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12220.639776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12220.639776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12220.639776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12220.639776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements               7701626                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102671.080800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   220710400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    608949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    362.444802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     504.203128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       45.672549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    22561.921957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      770.987961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    78788.295204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.001923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.086067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.002941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.300553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          598                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       102404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                3531975445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               3531975445                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     61527913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         61527913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks      7701647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          7701647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         14282193                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              14282326                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       7691780                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            7691780                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     87774377                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          87774712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst             7691780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           102056570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                109748818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst            7691780                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          102056570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               109748818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         214320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              214451                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst        10358                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            10815                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        34246                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          381601                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst             10358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            248566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 606867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst            10358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           248566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                606867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12055500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  60726242000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   60738297500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37570500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1604454500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1642025000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31333227500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  10055607500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  41388835000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37570500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31345283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1604454500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  70781849500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     103769157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37570500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31345283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1604454500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  70781849500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    103769157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     61527913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     61527913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks      7701647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      7701647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     14496513                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          14496777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7702138                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        7702595                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     87808623                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      88156313                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst         7702138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data       102305136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            110355685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst        7702138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      102305136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           110355685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.014784                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.014793                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.001345                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001404                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000390                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004329                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.001345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.002430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.005499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.001345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.002430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.005499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92026.717557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 283343.794326                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 283226.925964                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82211.159737                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 154900.028963                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151828.478964                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90205.200731                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 293628.671962                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108461.023425                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82211.159737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90205.887431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 154900.028963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 284760.785868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170991.597006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82211.159737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90205.887431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 154900.028963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 284760.785868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170991.597006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              136262                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    136262                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks            6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       214320                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         214451                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        10358                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        10815                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        34246                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       381601                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        10358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       248566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            606867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        10358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       248566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           606867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10745500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  58583042000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58593787500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33000500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1500874500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1533875000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27859677500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   9713147500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37572825000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33000500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27870423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1500874500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  68296189500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97700487500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33000500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27870423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1500874500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  68296189500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97700487500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.014784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.001345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.001345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.005499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.001345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.005499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 82026.717557                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 273343.794326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 273226.925964                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72211.159737                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 144900.028963                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141828.478964                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 80205.200731                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 283628.671962                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98461.023425                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72211.159737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 80205.887431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 144900.028963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 274760.785868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160991.597006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72211.159737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 80205.887431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 144900.028963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 274760.785868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160991.597006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         505918                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1110247                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       503380                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             392416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       136262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           367118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            214451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           214451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        392416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1717114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1717114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1717114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     47560256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     47560256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                47560256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            606867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  606867    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              606867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1696702500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3325679981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    220710406                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    110354721                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2544                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2544                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3000503137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          95858908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     61664175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7701647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        41494817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         14496777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        14496777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       7702595                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     88156313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23105902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    306915400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             331066091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    985840896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  10485280000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            11493455680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          505918                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8720768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        110861603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              110859059    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2544      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          110861603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       179584763000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            690989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         527863112                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy       11553207998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      153457704000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
