
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.909598                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2909597537000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2909597537000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 317127                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   594316                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              465079344                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8599348                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6256.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1983986897                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3718116336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data     748051968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        101184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data       9717632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          757900352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       101184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        130752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks      8144320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8144320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data       11688312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           1581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         151838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            11842193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       127255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             127255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            10162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        257098090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            34776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data          3339854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             260482882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        10162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        34776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            44938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        2799123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2799123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        2799123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           10162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       257098090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           34776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data         3339854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            263282005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    127053.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples  11688310.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    148666.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.029039625652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds         7222                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds         7222                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            24252208                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             122905                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    11842194                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     127255                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  11842194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   127255                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              757697216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  203200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8128064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               757900416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8144320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   3175                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   202                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            371811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            370622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            370757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            370617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            370297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            368748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            365972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            366054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            365978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            366228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           366393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           366492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           366107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           370104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           372026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           382839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           370666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           370885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           370679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           370685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           370574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           370761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           370241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           370345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           370454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           370280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           370462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           370204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           370301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           370448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           370364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           370625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              4011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              4014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              3863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              3871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17             3956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19             4053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20             3990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21             5265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22             4291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23             3892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24             3878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25             3849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26             4272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27             3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28             3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29             3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30             3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31             3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2909596801500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              11842194                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               127255                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                11712545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  126474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   5671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   5779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   7223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   7223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                   7223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                   7222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1023171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    748.482136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   532.743859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   385.879642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       170686     16.68%     16.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42075      4.11%     20.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33609      3.28%     24.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        28738      2.81%     26.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        26688      2.61%     29.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        27437      2.68%     32.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        30874      3.02%     35.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       128541     12.56%     47.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       534523     52.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1023171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1639.269593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1187.894760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1892.973772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         5475     75.81%     75.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095         1011     14.00%     89.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143          623      8.63%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191          109      1.51%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            3      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::102400-104447            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          7222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.585295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.566161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.801860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1444     19.99%     19.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              108      1.50%     21.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5669     78.50%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          7222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data    748051840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       101184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      9514624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      8128064                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 10162.230213628340                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 257098045.515701860189                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 34775.943653130751                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 3270082.504197556060                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2793535.496452408843                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data     11688313                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       151838                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       127255                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14429046                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data 418297682114                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     79993208                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  27146819808                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 160931798586764                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     31231.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     35787.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     50596.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data    178788.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1264640278.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 238450803828                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            445538924176                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                39447611308                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20141.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37633.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       260.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    260.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 10866491                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   76357                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                60.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     243085.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             807705308.591339                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             1425907772.651891                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            16213419516.981859                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           146940880.127999                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         155669808739.675934                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         110655517956.880188                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         6988726206.871783                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    470559640479.779663                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    53675211923.693184                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     353619529684.460327                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1174698498791.718994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            403.732298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2643536412143                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23393067500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   80615500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1095115307147                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 223646802826                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  162052557357                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1324774302170                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             787804552.079225                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             1390778036.169562                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            16259854111.713278                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           152661590.927998                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         149066700020.171234                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         109163971016.399048                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         6467900124.671904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    458107317770.059204                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    44625048437.708611                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     374402547538.749207                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1165606464930.517822                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            400.607455                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2647714184695                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22471603000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   77196000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1172103874760                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 185937720625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  162171518825                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1289716819790                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  393587108                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  196795237                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       192494                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           42                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1279184517                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   45                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5819193603                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  983986897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1869578174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1869573663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       1302                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     98401455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1869573663                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         3739142435                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1574374248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                8891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               4426                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           492019408                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          590392970                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    590382271                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  393587069                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 196795202                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                5819193603                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         98403815                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 1242      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1279190885     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      65      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      273      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    210      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     794      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                    1166      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   1268      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               393586106     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              196794383     10.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                963      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               819      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1869578174                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          590382344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         12302890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.987289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4735361650                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4735361650                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data    381285304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      381285304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data    196794150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     196794150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data    578079454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       578079454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data    578079454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      578079454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data     12301804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     12301804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data     12302891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      12302891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data     12302891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     12302891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1052216619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1052216619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     77566000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77566000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1052294185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1052294185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1052294185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1052294185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    393587108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    393587108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    196795237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    196795237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data    590382345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    590382345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data    590382345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    590382345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85533.521669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85533.521669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 71357.865685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71357.865685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85532.269204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85532.269204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85532.269204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85532.269204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12301804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12301804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12302891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12302891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12302891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12302891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1039914816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039914816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     76479000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76479000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1039991295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039991295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1039991295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039991295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84533.521750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84533.521750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 70357.865685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70357.865685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84532.269285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84532.269285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84532.269285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84532.269285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements              12302882                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          415.077111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1279184517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         2768797.655844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   415.077111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.810697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.810697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10233476598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     10233476598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst   1279184055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1279184055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst   1279184055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1279184055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst   1279184055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1279184055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1279184517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1279184517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1279184517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1279184517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1279184517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1279184517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84831.168831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84831.168831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84831.168831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84831.168831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84831.168831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84831.168831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83831.168831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83831.168831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83831.168831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83831.168831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83831.168831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83831.168831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  237732306                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  154763375                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                          494                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                         2405                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1414620496                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          123                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                  673                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5819195074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1848538162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1826159736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              21377368                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   16446906                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    175334610                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1826159736                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     21377368                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3632266948                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1465443571                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            19908430                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           13683919                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1112331204                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          556731612                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    392495602                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  237732233                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 154763369                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                5819195074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        215582213                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             14567532      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1425164645     77.10%     77.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2365420      0.13%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  5630131      0.30%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                3039268      0.16%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     758      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                 1457401      0.08%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      12      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  524732      0.03%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                2740100      0.15%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   233      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             313781      0.02%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  1      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              52089      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              31184      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            154505      0.01%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               768      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               233507141     12.63%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              147606480      7.99%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            4225092      0.23%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           7156889      0.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1848538162                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          392495681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         88811901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.419404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3228777349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3228777349                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    172584769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      172584769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data    131099011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     131099011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    303683780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       303683780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    303683780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      303683780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     65147537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     65147537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     23664364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23664364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     88811901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     88811901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 856054697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 856054697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 331817880000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 331817880000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1187872577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1187872577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1187872577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1187872577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    237732306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    237732306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    154763375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154763375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    392495681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    392495681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    392495681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    392495681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.274037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.274037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.152907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.226275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.226275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13140.246530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13140.246530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14021.838068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14021.838068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13375.150893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13375.150893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13375.150893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13375.150893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     53255663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         53255663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     65147537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     65147537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     23664364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     23664364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     88811901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     88811901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 790907160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 790907160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 308153516000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 308153516000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1099060676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099060676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1099060676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099060676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.274037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12140.246530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12140.246530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13021.838068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13021.838068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12375.150893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12375.150893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12375.150893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12375.150893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              88811893                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.988859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1414620496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           273039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          5181.019913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.988859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      11317237007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     11317237007                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1414347457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1414347457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1414347457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1414347457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1414347457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1414347457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       273039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        273039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       273039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3693776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3693776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3693776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3693776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3693776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3693776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1414620496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1414620496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1414620496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1414620496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1414620496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1414620496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13528.382392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13528.382392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13528.382392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13528.382392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13528.382392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13528.382392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks       272527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           272527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       273039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       273039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       273039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3420737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3420737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3420737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3420737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3420737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3420737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12528.382392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12528.382392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12528.382392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12528.382392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12528.382392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12528.382392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                272527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102621.212390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   202774223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  11843487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     17.121159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      10.974605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        6.837957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    101280.754059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst       23.189625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     1299.456140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.386355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.004957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        29307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        69738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                3256253727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               3256253727                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     53257758                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         53257758                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks       272572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           272572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              464                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         23539829                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              23540293                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst        271458                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             271458                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data       614114                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     65120234                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          65734348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data              614578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst              271458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            88660063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 89546099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data             614578                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst             271458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           88660063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                89546099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            623                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         124535                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              125158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1581                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2043                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data     11687690                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        27303                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11714993                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          11688313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            151838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               11842194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data         11688313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             1581                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           151838                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              11842194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     69929000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  25478686500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   25548615500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38021500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    160712000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    198733500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1014500357000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   9404954500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1023905311500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38021500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1014570286000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    160712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  34883641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1049652660500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38021500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1014570286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    160712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  34883641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1049652660500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     53257758                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     53257758                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks       272572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       272572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     23664364                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          23665451                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         273501                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     12301804                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     65147537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      77449341                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        12302891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst          273039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            101388293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data       12302891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         273039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       88811901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           101388293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.573137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005263                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005289                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005790                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.007470                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.950079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000419                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.151260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.950046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.005790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.001710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.116800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.950046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.005790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.001710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.116800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112245.585875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 204590.568916                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204130.902539                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82297.619048                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 101652.118912                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97275.330396                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86800.758490                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 344465.974435                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87401.273863                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82297.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86802.114728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 101652.118912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 229742.495291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88636.671591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82297.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86802.114728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 101652.118912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 229742.495291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88636.671591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              127255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    127255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks         1416                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1416                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          623                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       124535                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         125158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1581                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2043                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     11687690                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        27303                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     11714993                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     11688313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       151838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          11842194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     11688313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       151838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         11842194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     63699000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  24233336500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24297035500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33401500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    144902000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178303500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 897623467000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   9131924500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 906755391500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33401500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 897687166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    144902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  33365261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 931230730500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33401500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 897687166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    144902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  33365261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 931230730500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.573137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.950079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.950046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.116800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.950046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.116800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102245.585875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 194590.568916                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194130.902539                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72297.619048                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91652.118912                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87275.330396                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 76800.759346                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 334465.974435                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77401.274717                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72297.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 76802.115583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91652.118912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 219742.495291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78636.672436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72297.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 76802.115583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91652.118912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 219742.495291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78636.672436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       11740456                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      23580436                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11738242                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11717035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       127255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         11610987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            125158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           125158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      11717036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     35422629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     35422629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               35422629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    766044672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    766044672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               766044672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          11842194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                11842194    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            11842194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         24240714000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        65152408820                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    202775640                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    101387347                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3630                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3630                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2909597537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          77722841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     53385013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       272572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        59470218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         23665451                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        23665451                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        273501                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     77449341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     36908663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       818605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    266435695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             304163932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    787519040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     34916224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9092324096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             9914791808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        11740456                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8144320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        113128749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              113125119    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3630      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          113128749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       154918150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            695994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18629827312                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         409559498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      133217866969                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
