
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.062961                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62960505500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                62960505500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 327886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   568500                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              488479151                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8780164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   122.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    40295535                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      78122321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         23104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      15516032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        793536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data       1422144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           17754816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        23104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       793536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        816640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks       798080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          798080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         242438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst          12399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data          22221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              277419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks        12470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              12470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           379102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        254594731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst         13020731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         23335243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             291329807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       366960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      9799159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         10166119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       31912323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             31912323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       31912323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          366960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       257057148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst         9799159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        45616915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            344752505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     12465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       361.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    242438.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples     12399.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     21754.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.005154415652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds          706                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds          706                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              577768                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState              11936                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      277419                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      12470                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    277419                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    12470                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               17724928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   29888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  794624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                17754816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               798080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    467                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              8742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              8832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              8886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              8905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             8853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             8689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             8766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             8787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16             8504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17             8522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18             8546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19             8607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20             8453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21             8317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22             8416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23             8299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24             8418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25             8563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26             8769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27             8621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28             8623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29             8750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30             8622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31             8699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16              394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17              409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18              455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19              459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20              349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22              336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24              365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27              332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29              372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30              423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31              405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   60943970500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                307760                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                31394                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  265138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   11814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   1271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   1794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   1801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   1802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                   1801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                   1801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                   1802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                   1803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                   1801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                   1803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                   1802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                   1806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                   1801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                   1800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                   1800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                   1800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                   1800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        67467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    321.413432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.044088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   386.609428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        35596     52.76%     52.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10597     15.71%     68.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2635      3.91%     72.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1330      1.97%     74.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1042      1.54%     75.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          932      1.38%     77.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1008      1.49%     78.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          845      1.25%     80.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13482     19.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        67467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     170.726111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    112.013864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2171.139228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         1799     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.407222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.382347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.916317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              530     29.44%     29.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               15      0.83%     30.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1247     69.28%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        23104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     16184512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       616960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      2855616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2005312                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 366960.204917668598                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 257058164.820484161377                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 9799158.934643559158                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 45355671.421666078269                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 31850316.068380359560                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       252883                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         9640                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        44876                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        31394                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     10863246                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   9190436015                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    434698405                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   2090784864                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2629794811043                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     30092.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     36342.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     45093.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     46590.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  83767433.62                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   6347940054                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             11726782530                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1024599996                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20643.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38135.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       312.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        31.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    312.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     31.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
ssystem.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writesssystem.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuingssystem.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      38.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuingssystem.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   247266                       # Number of row buffer hits during readsssystem.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    4607                       # Number of row buffer hits during writesssystem.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for readsssystem.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writesssystem.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     210232.09                       # Average gap between requestsssystem.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combinedssystem.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             30211350.624000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             53334653.601603                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            384618003.235195                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           14987082.768000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         4034857631.112174                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         3039323548.094380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         232671981.964802                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    11518483986.710348                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    1773786801.360032                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     5449566465.134306                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           26709015432.674259                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            438.254742                       # Core power per rank (mW)ssystem.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          53414680818                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rankssystem.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    897043200                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    2089500000                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  13600951040                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   7390766410                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4537565982                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  32428215368                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             28257452.496000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             49882519.008002                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            375034302.249599                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           14302956.528000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         3938210287.519356                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         3004377911.942371                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         237992620.857601                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    11111191424.928005                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    1800749212.080023                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     5783578450.876678                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           26516244859.759136                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            435.091668                       # Core power per rank (mW)ssystem.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          53487171035                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rankssystem.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    907987000                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    2039450000                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  14702551320                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   7503160594                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4509397457                       # Time in different power statesssystem.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  31281495629                       # Time in different power statesssystem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60944042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power statesssystem.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Voltsssystem.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticksssystem.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60944042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power statesssystem.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    7752420                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    3877041                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3795                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            7                       # TLB misses on write requestsssystem.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticksssystem.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60944042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power statesssystem.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60944042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   27139091                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    9                       # Number of system callsssystem.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    60944042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       121887941                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completedssystem.cpu0.committedInsts                   19385502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     36832766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             36832035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1149                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        270                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1938977                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    36832035                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1149                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           73663128                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          31015556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1321                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                637                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             9696990                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           11631576                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     11629456                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7752416                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3877040                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 121887941                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1939389                       # Number of branches fetchedssystem.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  270      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 25202524     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    135      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                      94      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      46      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    215      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7752362     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3876574     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 54      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               466      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  36832766                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60944042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11629460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.890575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.ssystem.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancyssystem.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task idsystem.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         97299847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        97299847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7833621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7833621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      4043920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4043920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     11877541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11877541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     11877541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11877541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       253039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       253039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       253280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        253280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       253280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       253280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  22731046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22731046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13143000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13143000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  22744189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22744189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  22744189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22744189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      8086660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8086660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      4044161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4044161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     12130821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12130821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     12130821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12130821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89832.183972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89832.183972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54535.269710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54535.269710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89798.598389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89798.598389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89798.598389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89798.598389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       253039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       253039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       253280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       253280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       253280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       253280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  22478008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22478008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12902000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12902000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  22490910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22490910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  22490910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22490910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88832.187924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88832.187924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53535.269710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53535.269710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88798.602337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88798.602337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88798.602337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88798.602337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                253271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          355.810594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           28308931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         78418.091413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   355.810594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.694943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.694943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.695312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        226471809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       226471809                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     28308570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       28308570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     28308570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        28308570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     28308570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       28308570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     30209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     30209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     30209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     28308931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28308931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     28308931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     28308931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     28308931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     28308931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83682.825485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83682.825485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83682.825485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83682.825485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83682.825485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83682.825485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     29848500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29848500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     29848500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29848500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     29848500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29848500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82682.825485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82682.825485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82682.825485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82682.825485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82682.825485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82682.825485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                     5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    4997145                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    3095502                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                        26972                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                         4616                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   26007234                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                        43372                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   41                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                       125921011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   20074433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     39701915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             38788995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                934809                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     763809                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2868214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    38788995                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       934809                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           77707246                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          31842280                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1189588                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             522115                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            19889749                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           11727693                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      8083898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4992539                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3091359                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 125921011                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          4046949                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               543715      1.37%      1.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 30465036     76.73%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  100117      0.25%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    85411      0.22%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  30128      0.08%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                   11806      0.03%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                  174154      0.44%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      84      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   69630      0.18%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 134408      0.34%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  3377      0.01%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  5      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  2      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 95      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  1      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                48      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4861729     12.25%     91.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2734117      6.89%     98.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             130810      0.33%     99.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            357242      0.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  39701915                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            8092647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1695585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.772776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         66436761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        66436761                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data      3650067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3650067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      2746995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2746995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data      6397062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         6397062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data      6397062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        6397062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data      1347078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1347078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data       348507                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       348507                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data      1695585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1695585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data      1695585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1695585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  18300767500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18300767500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7673749500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7673749500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  25974517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25974517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  25974517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25974517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      4997145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4997145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      3095502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3095502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data      8092647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8092647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      8092647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8092647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.269570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.269570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.112585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.112585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.209522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.209522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.209522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.209522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13585.529197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13585.529197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22018.925014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22018.925014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15318.911762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15318.911762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15318.911762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15318.911762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1275596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          1275596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      1347078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1347078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       348507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       348507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      1695585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1695585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      1695585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1695585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  16953689500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16953689500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7325242500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7325242500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  24278932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24278932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  24278932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24278932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.269570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.112585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.209522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.209522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12585.529197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12585.529197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 21018.925014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21018.925014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14318.911762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14318.911762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14318.911762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14318.911762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements               1695577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.113450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           26007234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           313858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            82.863059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.113450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.998268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        208371730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       208371730                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     25693376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       25693376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     25693376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        25693376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     25693376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       25693376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       313858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       313858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       313858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        313858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       313858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       313858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   4916938500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4916938500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   4916938500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4916938500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   4916938500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4916938500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     26007234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26007234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     26007234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     26007234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     26007234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     26007234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 15666.124489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15666.124489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 15666.124489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15666.124489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 15666.124489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15666.124489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks       313346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           313346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       313858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       313858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       313858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       313858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       313858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       313858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   4603080500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4603080500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   4603080500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4603080500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   4603080500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4603080500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 14666.124489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14666.124489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 14666.124489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14666.124489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 14666.124489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14666.124489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                313346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.csystem.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStatsystem.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avsystem.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsystem.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 88202.879293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4525236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    308790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     14.654736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     202.512311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst      196.966731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    68766.400645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     3053.964314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    15983.035291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.262323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.011650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.060970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.336467                       # Average percentage of cache osystem.l2system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        31753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        67033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  72713318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 72713318                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1276084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1276084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks       313351                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           313351                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              121                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data           310692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                310813                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst        304218                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             304218                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1340017                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1340293                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst              304218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data             1650709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1955324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst             304218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data            1650709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1955324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            120                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data          37815                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37935                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         9640                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            10001                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       252763                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data         7061                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          259824                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            252883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              9640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data             44876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 307760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              361                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           252883                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             9640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data            44876                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                307760                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11268500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3535705000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3546973500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     29298000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    927011500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    956309500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  22084013500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    843443000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  22927456500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     29298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  22095282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    927011500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4379148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      27430739500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     29298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  22095282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    927011500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4379148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     27430739500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1276084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1276084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks       313351                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       313351                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       348507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            348748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       313858                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         314219                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       253039                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      1347078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1600117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          253280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst          313858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data         1695585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2263084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         253280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         313858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        1695585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2263084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.497925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.108506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.108775                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.030715                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.031828                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998909                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005242                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.162378                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.030715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.026466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.135991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.030715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.026466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.135991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93904.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 93500.066111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93501.344405                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81157.894737                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 96163.018672                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95621.387861                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87370.435942                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 119450.927631                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88242.258221                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81157.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87373.536378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 96163.018672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 97583.296194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89130.294710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81157.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87373.536378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 96163.018672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 97583.296194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89130.294710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks               31394                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     31394                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           46                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            46                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        37815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         9640                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        10001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       252763                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         7061                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259824                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       252883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         9640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        44876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            307760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       252883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         9640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        44876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           307760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10068500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3157555000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3167623500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     25688000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    830611500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    856299500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  19556393500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    772833000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20329226500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     25688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  19566462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    830611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3930388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24353149500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     25688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  19566462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    830611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3930388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24353149500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.497925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.108506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.030715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.030715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.026466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.135991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.030715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.026466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.135991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83904.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 83500.066111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83501.344405                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71157.894737                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86163.018672                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85621.387861                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77370.475505                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 109450.927631                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78242.296709                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71157.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77373.575922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86163.018672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 87583.296194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79130.327203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71157.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77373.575922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86163.018672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 87583.296194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79130.327203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         205759                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        512175                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       204415                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             269824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           173021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        269825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       819934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       819934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 819934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21705792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     21705792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                21705792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            307760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  307760    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              307760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           647404500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1687091050                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4525283                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2262199                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1390                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1390                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62960505500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1914335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1307478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       313351                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          847129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           348748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          348748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        314219                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1600117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       759830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       941062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5086747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6788366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16241088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     40141056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    190155584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              246561152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          205759                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2009216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2468843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2467453     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1390      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2468843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3852076500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            543496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         383824672                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         470788996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        2543377500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
