
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               881669620827                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 392185                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               10701692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   784381                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   942.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              935376796                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   369666348                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     739343610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.881670                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                881669620827                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                          67206247                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   369666348                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     739343610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   134430615                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         65585                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    67242730                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   571169466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            57                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       2647656519                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               2647656518.996997                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            168206141                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           201703215                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33617033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   3969                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          3969                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 5997                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3060                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       13000                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.003003                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             739333786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    739333786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1411778088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          604887541                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   134430591                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     201673318                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   67242727                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7322      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 537658024     72.72%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1899      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       576      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     247      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      552      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      506      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1166      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                134430189     18.18%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                67242096      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 402      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                631      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  739343610                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3913648                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8089843                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4199465                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          701                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8399442                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            701                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            4175882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3913327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4175882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12266038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     12266038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               12266038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    267297024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    267297024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               267297024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4176195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4176195    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4176195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         13736884732                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        22352097943                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4198695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          212                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         8110334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4197979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12597775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              12599419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    268933440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              268992832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3914226                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8114203                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8113502     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    701      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8114203                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2799036162                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4195061739                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            715284                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                23782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               23782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            4175479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4176195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           4175479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4176195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60119487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362477455704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     362537575191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60119487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362477455704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    362537575191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          4199261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4199977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4199261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4199977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.994337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.994338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.994337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.994338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83965.763966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86810.987603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86810.499795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83965.763966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86810.987603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86810.499795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       4175479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4176195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4175479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4176195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55230474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333973404082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 334028634556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55230474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333973404082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 334028634556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.994338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77137.533520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79984.453061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79983.964962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77137.533520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79984.453061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79983.964962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        3914226                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          212                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              212                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          212                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          212                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          124                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           124                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               969                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   969                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data             313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25552422                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25552422                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          1282                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1282                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244150                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.244150                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81637.130990                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81637.130990                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23415791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23415791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74810.833866                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74810.833866                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              716                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60119487                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     60119487                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            716                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83965.763966                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83965.763966                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55230474                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55230474                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77137.533520                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77137.533520                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         22813                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             22813                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      4175166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4175166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362451903282                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 362451903282                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4197979                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4197979                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994566                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994566                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86811.375472                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86811.375472                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4175166                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      4175166                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333949988291                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 333949988291                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79984.840912                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79984.840912                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 253287.667781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8399318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4176370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.011153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       5.360693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        68.642396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     253213.664689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.965933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.966216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        262144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        39448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       217960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 138567442                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                138567442                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.repl_invalid                         0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.l2.tags.repl_valid_tag                       0                       # Number of local replacements
system.l2.tags.repl_valid_data                      0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          45824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      267230656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          267276480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        45824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         45824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         4175479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4176195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             51974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         303096137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             303148111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            51974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks          23301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                23301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks          23301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            51974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        303096137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            303171412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       319.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       716.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   4175441.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000031652                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      1.301317609454                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           15                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           15                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             8579115                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                255                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4176195                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        321                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4176195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      321                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            130572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            130482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            130507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            130524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            130483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            130510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            130524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            130486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            130532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            130495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           130516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           130497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           130483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           130528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           130485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           130512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           130492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           130464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           130502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           130501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           130541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           130486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           130524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           130511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           130465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           130468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           130513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           130531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           130503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           130479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           130539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           130502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      54.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  92824865819                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13914955124                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            165874204063                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22227.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39719.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               4176195                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  321                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4176156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4176427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean            64                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    64.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-71      4176427    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4176427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   251758.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  87984.505413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  509356.330596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767            3     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-65535            6     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::98304-131071            2     13.33%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::262144-294911            1      6.67%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::294912-327679            1      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::589824-622591            1      6.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-1.99885e+06            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               15    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              267274048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               267276480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       303.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    303.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  881669538576                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     211101.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        45824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    267228224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        17280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 51974.116968006005                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 303093378.389675915241                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19599.178186259247                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          716                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      4175479                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          321                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     26468611                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 165847735452                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 27917271666273                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36967.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     39719.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 86969693664.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                     0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy         3256200078.764420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy         5748445523.674409                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy        5727237812.153615                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy       287804.832000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     76533882436.683136                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy     49609430023.363548                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy     253528829871.216553                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       394404313550.590637                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        447.337987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 745651062859                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  39634000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  96384557968                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy         3256419950.780374                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy         5748833682.348844                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy        5727553245.929615                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy       349140.288000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     76533882436.683136                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy     49611213735.593147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy     253527598475.971252                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       394405850667.499268                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        447.339731                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 745645515733                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  39634000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  96390105094                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                   1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    571168750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        571168750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    571168750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       571168750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61319619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61319619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61319619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61319619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    571169466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    571169466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    571169466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    571169466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85641.925978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85641.925978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85641.925978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85641.925978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60842763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60842763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60842763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60842763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84975.925978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84975.925978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84975.925978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84975.925978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    571168750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       571168750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61319619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61319619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    571169466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    571169466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85641.925978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85641.925978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60842763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60842763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84975.925978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84975.925978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           447.204708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           571169466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          797722.717877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             83250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   447.204708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.873447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.873447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        4569356444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       4569356444                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.repl_invalid                 0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.repl_valid_tag               0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.repl_valid_data              0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.repl_invalid            0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_tag            0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_data            0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.repl_invalid            0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_tag            0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_data            0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data    197474084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        197474084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data    197474084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       197474084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      4199261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4199261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      4199261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4199261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 369692456814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 369692456814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 369692456814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 369692456814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data    201673345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    201673345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data    201673345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    201673345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88037.503936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88037.503936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88037.503936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88037.503936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              2824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4199261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4199261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4199261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4199261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 366895748988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 366895748988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 366895748988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 366895748988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87371.503936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87371.503936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87371.503936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87371.503936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                4199253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data    130232636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       130232636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      4197979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4197979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 369654940035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 369654940035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data    134430615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    134430615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88055.452406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88055.452406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4197979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4197979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 366859086021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 366859086021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87389.452406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87389.452406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     67241448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       67241448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37516779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37516779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     67242730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     67242730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29264.258190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29264.258190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36662967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36662967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28598.258190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28598.258190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881669620827                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse             7.999994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           201673345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4199261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             48.025913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            166167                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     7.999994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1617586021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1617586021                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.repl_invalid                 0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.repl_valid_tag               0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.repl_valid_data              0                       # Number of global replacements

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
