
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.445668                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3445667975500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3445667975500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 210872                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   409793                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              706950369                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8712940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4873.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788478                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1997324349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22239040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst       2602432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      63542528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           88413248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      2602432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       2631680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     49012032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        49012032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst          40663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         992852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1381457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       765813                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             765813                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             8488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          6454203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           755276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         18441280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              25659248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         8488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       755276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           763765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       14224247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14224247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       14224247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            8488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         6454203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          755276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        18441280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             39883495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    765807.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347485.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples     40663.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    990484.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.017561364140                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        44652                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        44652                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             3845084                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             737758                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1381457                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     765813                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1381457                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   765813                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               88261696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  151552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                49008512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                88413248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             49012032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             42330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             42348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             42686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             42853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             43997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             43624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             44487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             43955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             43517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             44414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            44385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            43591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            43177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            43070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            43196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            42324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            42567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            42848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            42734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            43462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            42629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            42411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            43014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            42529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            42489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            42250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            43047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            42928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            43142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            43361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            42998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            42726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             23864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             23358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             24528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             24743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             24196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             24138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             23932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            24536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            24036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            23739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            23821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            23904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            23920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            23755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            24102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            24491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            23705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            23711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            23724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            23806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            23728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            23506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            23738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            23743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            23698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            23836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            24330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            23921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3445664934500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1381457                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               765813                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1358854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   20235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  25009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  26276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  44626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  44656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  44653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  44654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  44653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  44653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  44654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  44656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  44654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  44656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  44685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  44659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  44653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  44652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  44652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  44652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1116316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    122.967045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.880404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.424398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       874150     78.31%     78.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       154481     13.84%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21401      1.92%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13113      1.17%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7934      0.71%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4093      0.37%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3295      0.30%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3012      0.27%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        34837      3.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1116316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.885156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.363373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    453.622961                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        44651    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         44652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.149467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.121369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.975736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            18376     41.15%     41.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1265      2.83%     43.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            24974     55.93%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               35      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         44652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22239040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst      2602432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     63390976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     49008512                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 8488.339621798827                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 6454202.830373666249                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 755276.485866970848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 18397296.678244613111                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 14223225.321902463213                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347485                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst        40663                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       992852                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       765813                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     15235209                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  13261922262                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst   5742332875                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data 111900698630                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 191002388799982                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     33337.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     38165.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst    141217.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data    112706.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 249411264.63                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 106797164188                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            130920188976                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4595124548                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     77440.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                94932.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        25.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     25.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   986399                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   42130                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 71.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 5.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1604672.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             876905737.344330                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             1548073144.951093                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            1903448092.092195                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           905981302.463843                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         120869330635.308334                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         68376348060.105896                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         9170363250.834791                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    221212551939.027863                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    148816804657.759979                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     624343532474.074463                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1198360339114.249023                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            347.787526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         3272218344888                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24619004371                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   62593650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2029370805943                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 620069944700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   86231917226                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 622782653260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             863853760.224372                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             1525031385.343216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            1879258435.826536                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           900484701.983846                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         119470309647.623245                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         67975272350.590546                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         9040414211.249758                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    218625538686.418182                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    146916022474.866089                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     628480271686.243164                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1195999539565.965576                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            347.102376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         3273497402998                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24245993594                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   61869150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2045850281380                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 612150298393                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   86052359060                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 615499893073                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       174306825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              169897974.603269                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4408850.396731                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.025294                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.974706                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31875225500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31875225500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13496500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13496500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31888722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31888722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31888722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31888722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91677.141994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91677.141994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 51123.106061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51123.106061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91646.372796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91646.372796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91646.372796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91646.372796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31527535500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31527535500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13232500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13232500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31540768000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31540768000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31540768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31540768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90677.141994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90677.141994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 50123.106061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50123.106061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90646.372796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90646.372796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90646.372796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90646.372796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.973178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   433.973178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.847604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.847604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39720500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39720500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39720500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39720500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39720500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39720500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86915.754923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86915.754923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86915.754923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86915.754923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86915.754923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86915.754923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39263500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39263500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39263500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39263500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39263500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39263500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85915.754923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85915.754923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85915.754923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85915.754923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85915.754923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85915.754923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  260945653                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  147195245                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                      2536316                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       173851                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1326415799                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                       734596                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                 1675                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6891335951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1944525891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1922364252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              18161568                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   28285445                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    178651226                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1922364252                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     18161568                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3727553825                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1548622731                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            17349628                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10015892                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1079227711                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          612269837                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    407938083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  260838982                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 147099101                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                6891335951                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        222847088                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             17083237      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1513436195     77.83%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  705820      0.04%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    88760      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 635667      0.03%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                   85556      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                 1167982      0.06%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                    2520      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  480806      0.02%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                2025464      0.10%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                     84      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  1680      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                364      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt             779685      0.04%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 94      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult             93894      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               255806701     13.16%     92.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              139956456      7.20%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            5032281      0.26%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           7142645      0.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1944525891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          408140898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        117259452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.480665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3382386636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3382386636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    168161080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      168161080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data    122720366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     122720366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    290881446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       290881446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    290881446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      290881446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     92784573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     92784573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     24474879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     24474879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data    117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total     117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data    117259452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total    117259452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1284018369500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1284018369500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 393204960500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 393204960500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1677223330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1677223330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1677223330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1677223330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    260945653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    260945653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    147195245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    147195245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    408140898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    408140898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    408140898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    408140898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.355570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.355570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.166275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.166275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.287301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.287301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.287301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13838.705379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13838.705379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16065.654931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16065.654931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14303.523523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14303.523523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14303.523523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14303.523523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     82483345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         82483345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     92784573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     92784573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     24474879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     24474879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    117259452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    117259452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1191233796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191233796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 368730081500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 368730081500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1559963878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559963878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1559963878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559963878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.355570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.166275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.287301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.287301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12838.705379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12838.705379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15065.654931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15065.654931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13303.523523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13303.523523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13303.523523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13303.523523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements             117259444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.988761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1326415799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11967639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           110.833540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.988761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10623294031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10623294031                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1314448160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1314448160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1314448160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1314448160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1314448160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1314448160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11967639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total      11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total     11967639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 163288665500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 163288665500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 163288665500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 163288665500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 163288665500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 163288665500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1326415799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1326415799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1326415799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1326415799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1326415799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1326415799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13644.183744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13644.183744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13644.183744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13644.183744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13644.183744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13644.183744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks     11967127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total         11967127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11967639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11967639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 151321026500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 151321026500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 151321026500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 151321026500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 151321026500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 151321026500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12644.183744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12644.183744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12644.183744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12644.183744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12644.183744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12644.183744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements              11967127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102716.668457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   259149992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1386439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    186.917702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     438.018259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       16.316870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    12105.680769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     3297.368752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    86859.283809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.001671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.046180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.012578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.331342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       101760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4147787079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4147787079                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     82483894                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         82483894                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks     11967148                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         11967148                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         23932482                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              23932616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst      11926976                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           11926976                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     92334118                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          92334453                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            11926976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           116266600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                128194045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           11926976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          116266600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               128194045                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         542397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              542527                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst        40663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            41120                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       450455                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          797810                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst             40663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            992852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1381457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst            40663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           992852                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1381457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11425000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  80569508500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   80580933500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38564500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   7821032000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   7859596500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30983392500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  81971864000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 112955256500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38564500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30994817500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   7821032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 162541372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     201395786500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38564500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30994817500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   7821032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 162541372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    201395786500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     82483894                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     82483894                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks     11967148                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     11967148                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     24474879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          24475143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     11967639                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       11968096                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     92784573                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      93132263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst        11967639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data       117259452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            129575502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       11967639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      117259452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           129575502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.492424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.022161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.022166                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003398                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.003436                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004855                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008566                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.003398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.008467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.003398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.008467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87884.615385                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 148543.425756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148528.890728                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84386.214442                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 192337.800949                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191138.047179                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89198.061061                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 181975.700125                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141581.650393                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84386.214442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89197.569679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 192337.800949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 163711.582895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145785.056285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84386.214442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89197.569679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 192337.800949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 163711.582895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145785.056285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              765813                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    765813                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           48                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            48                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          130                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       542397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         542527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        40663                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        41120                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       450455                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       797810                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        40663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       992852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1381457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        40663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       992852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1381457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10125000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  75145538500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75155663500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33994500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   7414402000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7448396500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27509842500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  77467314000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 104977156500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33994500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27519967500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   7414402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 152612852500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 187581216500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33994500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27519967500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   7414402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 152612852500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 187581216500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.492424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.022161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.008467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.008467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77884.615385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 138543.425756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138528.890728                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 74386.214442                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 182337.800949                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181138.047179                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79198.061061                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 171975.700125                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131581.650393                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 74386.214442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79197.569679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 182337.800949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 153711.582895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135785.056285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 74386.214442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79197.569679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 182337.800949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 153711.582895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135785.056285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1283408                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2659385                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1277928                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             838930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       765813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           512115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            542527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           542527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        838930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4040842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4040842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4040842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    137425280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    137425280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               137425280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1381457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1381457    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1381457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          5793341500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7564378526                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    259150040                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    129574538                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5528                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5528                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3445667975500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         105100359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     83249707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11967148                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        35641091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         24475143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24475143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      11968096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     93132263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     35902405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    351778348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             388725542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1531825024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  12783539008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            14337698816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1283408                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  49012032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        130858910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              130853382    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5528      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          130858910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       224026062000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            687496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         528200935                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy       17951459997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      175889178499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
