
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.989395                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2989395095500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2989395095500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 272569                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   469334                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              516766908                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8579396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5784.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1576757673                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2715005596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data     798245504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         53760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data    1131906112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1930234944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        53760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         83328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    791840384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       791840384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data       12472586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data       17686033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            30159921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks     12372506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           12372506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             9891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        267025762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            17984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data        378640520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             645694156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         9891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        17984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            27875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      264883148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            264883148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      264883148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            9891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       267025762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           17984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data       378640520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            910577304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples  12372408.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples  12472496.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       840.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples  17680387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.869743109652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       739527                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       739527                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            72433564                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState           11682984                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    30159921                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   12372506                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  30159921                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 12372506                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1929867840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  367104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               791830720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              1930234944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            791840384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   5736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    98                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            943475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            943482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            943578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            943136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            943082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            942114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            938855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            938517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            938484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            938851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           938554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           938849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           938574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           942632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           942960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           942733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           943211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           943130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           942935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           944115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           943332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           943486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           943073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           943452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           943554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           944103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           944162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           943808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           943794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           943313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           943515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           943326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            386608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            386714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            386787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            386570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            386547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            386832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            386608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            386418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            386500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            386883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           386489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           386589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           386550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           386623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           386722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           386154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16           386572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17           386523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18           386236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19           386757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20           386694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21           386829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22           386435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23           386678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24           386833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25           386636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26           387162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27           386852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28           386874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29           386414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30           386726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31           386540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2989395009500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              30159921                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6             12372506                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                25536986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4617199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                 236807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                 257585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                 676385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                 745895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                 746733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                 749379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                 748562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                 750443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                 746596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                 745995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                 746106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                 747655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                 750092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                 747569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                 753501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                 739715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                 739646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                 739576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                   3283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                    694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     17011735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    159.989457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.428929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.378060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127     12324257     72.45%     72.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2282484     13.42%     85.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       600256      3.53%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       362619      2.13%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       222300      1.31%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767       141714      0.83%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895       109606      0.64%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       119406      0.70%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       849093      4.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     17011735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       739527                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      40.774943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.193483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   5014.066962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071       739525    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4.1943e+06-4.32538e+06            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        739527                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       739527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.730092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.699023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.036970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           482057     65.18%     65.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17            16248      2.20%     67.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           200795     27.15%     94.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19            39832      5.39%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              421      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              147      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               22      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        739527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data    798239744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        53760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data   1131544768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    791830720                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 9890.964243739256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 267023835.424633979797                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 17983.571352253195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 378519644.226130723953                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 264879915.402269721031                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data     12472586                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          840                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data     17686033                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     12372506                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     15176653                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data 433105737909                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     27241453                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data 627101792510                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 170717710627157                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     32849.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     34724.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     32430.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     35457.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  13798151.37                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 532792944505                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1060249948525                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               100473744420                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17668.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35160.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       645.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       264.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    645.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    264.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      57.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 24601724                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  913076                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 7.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      70285.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    60.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             13256518910.535898                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             23402843526.616386                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            41302284219.311607                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           14592162639.273714                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         244788797364.303284                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         394036982957.652222                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         6805512321.730977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    626209951273.804077                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    49723225350.733383                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     56654249603.848099                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1471258080940.096191                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            492.159127                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2134088419331                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8396447520                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  126766850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 163930313102                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 207180382522                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  720143264121                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1762977838235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             13271180163.688196                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             23428734536.068130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            41407702187.251694                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           14594915657.625957                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         244989526462.531830                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         393498005694.833069                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         6768248001.423465                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    627999122454.935181                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    49365540681.852371                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     55909469992.904564                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1471703190041.207275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            492.308023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2135374684553                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8310157443                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  126870800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 161669215294                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 205689648837                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  718838783169                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1768016490757                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  399992349                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  199997858                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       195621                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           42                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1300001551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   45                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5978790191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1900003069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1899998558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       1302                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    100002765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1899998558                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         3799992224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1599995212                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                8891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               4426                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           500025958                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          600000832                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    599990133                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  399992310                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 199997823                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                5978790191                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        100005125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 1242      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1300007918     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      65      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      273      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    210      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     794      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                    1166      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   1268      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               399991347     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              199997004     10.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                963      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               819      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1900003069                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          599990207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         12503054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.987492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4812424710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4812424710                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data    387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data    199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1101805692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1101805692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     61283000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61283000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1101866975500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1101866975500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1101866975500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1101866975500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88130.587171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88130.587171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 56378.104876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56378.104876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88127.826649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88127.826649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88127.826649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88127.826649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1089303725500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1089303725500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     60196000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60196000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1089363921500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1089363921500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1089363921500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1089363921500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87130.587171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87130.587171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 55378.104876                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55378.104876                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87127.826649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87127.826649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87127.826649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87127.826649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements              12503046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          415.095134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1300001551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         2813856.170996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   415.095134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.810733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.810733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10400012870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     10400012870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39963500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39963500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39963500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39963500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39963500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39963500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86501.082251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86501.082251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86501.082251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86501.082251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86501.082251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86501.082251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39501500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39501500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39501500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39501500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39501500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39501500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85501.082251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85501.082251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85501.082251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85501.082251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85501.082251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85501.082251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  141222340                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  120305229                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                       120084                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       199634                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                  846191386                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                  352                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5978790191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  576757673                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    815002527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            485372643                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             554127519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    5255873                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     27244842                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   485372643                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    554127519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1116666826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         210775532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1009478682                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          447349018                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           146410239                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           95516715                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    261527539                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  141222318                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 120305221                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                5978790191                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33917130                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              2655670      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                301964628     37.05%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      88      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                      112      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  27813      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   18772      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      30      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                     302      0.00%     37.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                  28203      0.00%     37.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     37.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     37.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     37.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     37.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     37.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd          169085537     20.75%     58.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            4974922      0.61%     58.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 14      0.00%     58.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            3339139      0.41%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult          71379756      8.76%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 2      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                20875256      2.56%     70.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13526970      1.66%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead          120347062     14.77%     86.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite         106778251     13.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 815002527                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          261527569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         44829969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.833766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2137050521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2137050521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    121750592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      121750592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     94947008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      94947008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    216697600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       216697600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    216697600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      216697600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     19471748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     19471748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     25358221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     25358221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     44829969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      44829969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     44829969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     44829969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 665914842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 665914842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1260519824500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1260519824500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1926434666500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1926434666500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1926434666500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1926434666500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    141222340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    141222340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    120305229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    120305229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    261527569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    261527569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    261527569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    261527569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.137880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.137880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.210782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.210782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.171416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.171416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.171416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.171416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 34199.027329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34199.027329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 49708.527444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49708.527444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 42972.027630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42972.027630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 42972.027630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42972.027630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     33254649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         33254649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     19471748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     19471748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     25358221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     25358221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     44829969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     44829969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     44829969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     44829969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 646443094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 646443094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1235161603500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235161603500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1881604697500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1881604697500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1881604697500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1881604697500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.137880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.210782                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210782                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.171416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.171416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 33199.027329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33199.027329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 48708.527444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48708.527444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 41972.027630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41972.027630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 41972.027630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41972.027630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              44829961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          504.871514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          846191386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         992018.037515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   504.871514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.986077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6769531941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      6769531941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst    846190533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      846190533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst    846190533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       846190533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst    846190533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      846190533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     72419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     72419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     72419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst    846191386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    846191386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst    846191386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    846191386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst    846191386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    846191386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84899.179367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84899.179367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84899.179367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84899.179367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84899.179367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84899.179367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     71566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     71566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     71566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83899.179367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83899.179367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83899.179367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83899.179367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83899.179367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83899.179367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102905.875101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   114664378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  30162024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.801614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       7.316077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        2.054649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    44773.337914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst        4.134480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    58119.031976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.170797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.221707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.392555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          758                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        47563                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        47307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                1864845720                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               1864845720                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     33256736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         33256736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          386                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              386                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              439                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         13213417                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              13213856                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst            13                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 13                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data        30029                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     13930519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          13960548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data               30468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                  13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            27143936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 27174417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data              30468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                 13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           27143936                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                27174417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data       12144804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            12145452                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data     12471938                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data      5541229                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        18013167                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          12472586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst               840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data          17686033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               30159921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data         12472586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst              840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data         17686033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              30159921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     53929000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1058357239500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1058411168500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38796500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     70130000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    108926500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1070066805000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 470947775500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1541014580500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38796500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1070120734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     70130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1529305015000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     2599534675500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38796500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1070120734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     70130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1529305015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    2599534675500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     33256736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     33256736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          386                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          386                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     25358221                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          25359308                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          853                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1315                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     19471748                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      31973715                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst             853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        44829969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             57334338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data       12503054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       44829969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            57334338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.596136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.478930                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.478935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.984760                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.990114                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.997598                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.284578                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.563374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.997563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.984760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.394514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.526036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.997563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.984760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.394514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.526036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83223.765432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 87144.859604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87144.650401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83975.108225                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83488.095238                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83660.906298                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85797.957382                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 84989.769508                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85549.341795                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83975.108225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85797.823643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83488.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86469.646133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86191.693788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83975.108225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85797.823643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83488.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86469.646133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86191.693788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks            12372506                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  12372506                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks         3353                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3353                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     12144804                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       12145452                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12471938                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      5541229                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     18013167                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12472586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     17686033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          30159921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12472586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     17686033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         30159921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     47449000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 936909199500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 936956648500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     34176500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     61730000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95906500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 945347425000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 415535485500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1360882910500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     34176500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 945394874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     61730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1352444685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2297935465500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     34176500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 945394874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     61730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1352444685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2297935465500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.596136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.478930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.478935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.984760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.997598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.284578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.997563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.984760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.394514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.526036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.997563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.984760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.394514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.526036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73223.765432                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 77144.859604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77144.650401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73975.108225                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 73488.095238                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73660.906298                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 75797.957382                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74989.769508                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75549.341795                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73975.108225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 75797.823643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 73488.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76469.646133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76191.693788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73975.108225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 75797.823643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 73488.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76469.646133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76191.693788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       30058993                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      60215881                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     30055960                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18014469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     12372506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         17683454                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          12145452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         12145452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      18014469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     90375802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     90375802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               90375802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   2722075328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   2722075328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              2722075328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          30159921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                30159921    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            30159921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy        109881929500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       164295920710                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    114667731                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     57333393                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           6386                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6386                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2989395095500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          31975030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     45629242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        41762758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         25359308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        25359308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     31973715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37509154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    134489899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             172002069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    800329024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   4997415552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             5797853440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        30058993                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 791840384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         87393331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.008548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               87386945     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   6386      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           87393331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        90590987500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            695495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18810689558                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1279500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       67245014877                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
