
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.089320                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89320336500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                89320336500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 498949                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   944598                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1117394321                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8614508                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    79.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39884128                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75507651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22238656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        163136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        470464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           22901504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       163136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        192384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks       202752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          202752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           2549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data           7351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              357836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks         3168                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3168                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           327451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        248976402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst          1826415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data          5267154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             256397422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       327451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      1826415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2153866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        2269942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2269942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        2269942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          327451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       248976402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst         1826415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data         5267154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            258667364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3168.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347478.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      2549.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples      7348.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.007869875652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds          182                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds          182                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              730437                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState               3110                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      357836                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3168                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    357836                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               22901248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  198912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                22901504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               202752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            11238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            11177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            11232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            11213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            11155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            11151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            11318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            11381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            11402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            11277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            11435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            11407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            11297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            11131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19              162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21               85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27              180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28              175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29              169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   89320257500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                357836                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3168                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  354823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    860.071639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   695.962752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   335.535901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1906      7.10%      7.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1865      6.94%     14.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          621      2.31%     16.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          333      1.24%     17.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      0.57%     18.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          241      0.90%     19.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          199      0.74%     19.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          584      2.17%     21.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20956     78.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1955.626374                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1386.638355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   7427.412037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          168     92.31%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           13      7.14%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::100352-102399            1      0.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.048265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.988674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               82     45.05%     45.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      2.20%     47.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               96     52.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22238592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       163136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data       470272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       198912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 327450.624864137208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 248975685.397244334221                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 1826414.973257517908                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 5265004.795408490114                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2226950.857938158326                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347479                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         2549                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data         7351                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3168                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14713552                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  15455933156                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    120548052                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data    281256334                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3677560721451                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     32195.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     44480.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     47292.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     38260.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1160846187.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9613253750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             15872451094                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1192296224                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26865.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44357.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       256.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    256.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      42.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   332488                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1590                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                50.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     247421.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             20724107.040001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             36572255.243999                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            486845975.683204                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           2569011.984000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         3920638043.229753                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         3001850231.419279                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         321209544.767990                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12758730001.785305                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    626740803.359975                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     15261955203.029587                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           36880678829.197784                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            412.903492                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          81030320322                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1714855500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    2030350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  42499095680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2611418262                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4544766670                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  35919850388                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             21163851.072002                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             37362337.084799                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            494652275.913603                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           4762934.064000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         4071353830.790580                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         3302345287.298492                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         342663119.903980                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    13050149115.494055                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    689057266.799980                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     14936895281.028807                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           37425055223.505020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            418.998144                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          80258144754                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1830765000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    2108400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  40649247520                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2871114886                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    5120538086                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  36740271008                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902846                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       178640673                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 178640673                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34042236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34042236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13936500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13936500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34056172500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34056172500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34056172500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34056172500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 97909.735684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97909.735684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 52789.772727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52789.772727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 97875.502222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97875.502222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 97875.502222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97875.502222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33694546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33694546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13672500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13672500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33708218500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33708218500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33708218500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33708218500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96909.735684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96909.735684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 51789.772727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51789.772727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96875.502222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96875.502222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96875.502222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96875.502222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          355.871387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.577681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   355.871387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.695061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.695061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223225                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39194000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39194000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85763.676149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85763.676149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85763.676149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85763.676149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85763.676149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85763.676149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84763.676149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84763.676149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84763.676149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84763.676149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84763.676149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84763.676149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    2221301                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    1348817                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                          188                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          101                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   14945815                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          198                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        48095385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   12095651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     22709193                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             22318886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                589143                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     663748                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1532809                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    22318886                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       589143                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           43349622                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          18207893                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              793161                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             432662                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10691061                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            7027243                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3558670                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2210058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1348612                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              35146676.178956                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              12948708.821044                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.269230                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.730770                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2616397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               114131      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 18801159     82.79%     83.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   17071      0.08%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                      105      0.00%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   7335      0.03%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    4424      0.02%     83.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   55156      0.24%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                     970      0.00%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                    9996      0.04%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                  39238      0.17%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              27958      0.12%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              22404      0.10%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               3059      0.01%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult             45459      0.20%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt              2058      0.01%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2061511      9.08%     93.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1213807      5.35%     98.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             148547      0.65%     99.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            134805      0.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  22709193                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3570118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           391213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.125765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         28952157                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        28952157                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1858961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1858961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1319944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1319944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data      3178905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3178905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data      3178905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3178905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data       362340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       362340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        28873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data       391213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        391213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data       391213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       391213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4964387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4964387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    701048500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    701048500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5665435500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5665435500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5665435500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5665435500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      2221301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2221301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      1348817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1348817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data      3570118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3570118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      3570118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3570118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.163121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.021406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13700.907987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13700.907987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 24280.417691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24280.417691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14481.715843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14481.715843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14481.715843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14481.715843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       228310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           228310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       362340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       362340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        28873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       391213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       391213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       391213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       391213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4602047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4602047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    672175500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    672175500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5274222500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5274222500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5274222500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5274222500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.163121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.021406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12700.907987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12700.907987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23280.417691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23280.417691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13481.715843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13481.715843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13481.715843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13481.715843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                391205                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.634457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           14945815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3938.291173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.634457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        119570315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       119570315                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     14942020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14942020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     14942020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        14942020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     14942020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       14942020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    273401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    273401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    273401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    273401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    273401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     14945815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14945815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     14945815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     14945815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     14945815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     14945815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 72042.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72042.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 72042.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72042.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 72042.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72042.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         3283                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3283                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    269606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    269606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    269606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    269606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    269606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 71042.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71042.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 71042.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71042.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 71042.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71042.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  3283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 89890.681563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1485669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    357930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.150725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      11.084170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       99.228899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    83343.881433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     1268.800656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     5167.686404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.317932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.004840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.019713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.342906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        29730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        69364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24131914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24131914                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       228863                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           228863                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         3304                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3304                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data            24877                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 25013                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          1246                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1246                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          339                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data       358985                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            359324                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                1246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data              383862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   385583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst               1246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data             383862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  385583                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data           3996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4124                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3006                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data         3355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          350706                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data              7351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 357836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             2549                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data             7351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                357836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11846000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    367494500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     379340500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38041500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    250719000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    288760500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33167344000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    288921500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33456265500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38041500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33179190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    250719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    656416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      34124366500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38041500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33179190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    250719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    656416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     34124366500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       228863                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       228863                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         3304                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3304                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        28873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             29137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4252                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       362340                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        710030                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            3795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data          391213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               743419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           3795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data         391213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              743419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.484848                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.138399                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.141538                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.671673                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.706961                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999025                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.009259                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493931                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.671673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.018790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.481338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.671673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.018790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.481338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92546.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 91965.590591                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91983.632396                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83241.794311                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 98359.748921                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96061.377246                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95486.536673                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86116.691505                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95396.900823                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83241.794311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95485.453797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 98359.748921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 89296.150184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95363.145407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83241.794311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95485.453797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 98359.748921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 89296.150184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95363.145407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                3168                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3168                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          205                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           205                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         3996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           4124                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3006                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347351                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         3355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       350706                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         7351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            357836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         7351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           357836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10566000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    327534500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338100500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33471500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    225229000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258700500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29693834000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    255371500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29949205500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33471500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29704400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    225229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    582906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30546006500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33471500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29704400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    225229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    582906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30546006500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.484848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.138399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.671673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.009259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.671673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.018790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.481338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.671673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.018790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.481338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 82546.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 81965.590591                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81983.632396                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73241.794311                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88359.748921                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86061.377246                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85486.536673                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76116.691505                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85396.900823                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73241.794311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85485.453797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88359.748921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 79296.150184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85363.145407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73241.794311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85485.453797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88359.748921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 79296.150184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85363.145407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         254899                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        611911                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       254075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             353712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           250907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        353712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       969747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       969747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 969747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     23104256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     23104256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23104256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            357836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  357836    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              357836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           625513500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1968162435                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1485874                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       742455                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1028                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1028                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89320336500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            714282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       232031                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          762019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            29137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           29137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       710030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1173631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2229293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       452992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     39649472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               62437504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          254899                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    202752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           998318                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 997290     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1028      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             998318                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          975104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            686997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         522646067                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           5692500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         586819999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
