
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.346069                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2346068808500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2346068808500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 394369                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   747463                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              900200884                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8630844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2606.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1948010053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        192000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      41569728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           64030080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       192000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        221248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     23131584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23131584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           3000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         649527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1000470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       361431                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             361431                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            12467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          9479306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            81839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         17718887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              27292499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        12467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        81839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            94306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        9859721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9859721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        9859721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           12467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         9479306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           81839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        17718887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             37152220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    361431.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347486.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      3000.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    649437.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.030912527652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        20780                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        20780                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             2573794                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             354156                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1000470                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     361431                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1000470                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   361431                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               64024320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                23128064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                64030080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23131584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     90                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             31296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             31394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             31201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             31183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             31236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             31186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             30975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             31033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             31855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             31185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            31134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            31200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            31103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            31356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            31318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            31521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            31316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            31098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            31186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            31029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            31151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            31069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            31311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            31296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            31240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            31207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            31339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            31497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            31416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            31348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            31304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            31397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             11354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             11390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             11333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             11292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             11283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             11308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             11333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            11289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            11228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            11290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            11348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            11307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            11283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            11187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            11272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            11179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            11292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            11278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            11339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            11389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            11305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2343340727500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1000470                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               361431                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  975347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   18820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    6213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  14353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  14379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  15677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  21562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  22063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  22048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  21838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  21258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  20942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  20838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  20813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  20839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  20813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  20796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  20804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  20780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  20780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  20780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       565815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    154.029822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.473006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   235.874997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       336228     59.42%     59.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       183727     32.47%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3308      0.58%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2142      0.38%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1615      0.29%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1190      0.21%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1187      0.21%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1371      0.24%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        35047      6.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       565815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        20780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      41.741578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.512259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    657.591924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        20776     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         20780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        20780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.390568                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.364903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.930889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             6383     30.72%     30.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               39      0.19%     30.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            14223     68.45%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              129      0.62%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         20780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22239104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       192000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     41563968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     23128064                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 12466.812522306291                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 9479305.943383201957                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 81839.031875096000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 17716431.781288906932                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9858220.660964896902                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         3000                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       649527                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       361431                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14309760                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  13075990272                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    117331324                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  22751588701                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 92698794095158                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     31312.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     37630.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     39110.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     35027.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 256477153.58                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18460573097                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             35959220057                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3333266160                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18453.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35945.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        27.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         9.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     27.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      55.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   732946                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   62995                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                17.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1720639.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    58.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             442108046.015406                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             780490742.774108                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            1371933950.824986                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           426743794.176010                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         83827715528.034576                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         51062057457.777138                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         2364600789.195848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    203987131168.527985                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    67019669404.779556                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     402561665626.109192                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           814062919162.173828                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            346.990215                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2227639592862                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4286076731                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   43411200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1376815327780                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 279248516634                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   68019787087                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 574287900268                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             440210285.423413                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             777140465.421330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            1372010752.092181                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           425762426.880012                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         83072109023.574707                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         50811149523.112221                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         2285630805.829951                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    202476866859.994934                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    66085015016.141464                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     404739974479.898621                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           812695203211.461792                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            346.407233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2083031151026                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4046169989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   43019900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1385754830900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 275354339279                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   67857185665                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 570036382667                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       173922495                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              167475745.834456                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6446749.165544                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.037067                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.962933                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31683401500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31683401500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14090500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14090500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31697492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31697492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31697492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31697492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91125.432138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91125.432138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53373.106061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53373.106061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91096.788656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91096.788656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91096.788656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91096.788656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31335711500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31335711500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13826500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13826500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31349538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31349538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31349538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31349538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90125.432138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90125.432138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 52373.106061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52373.106061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90096.788656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90096.788656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90096.788656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90096.788656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.029876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   433.029876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.845761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38785500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38785500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38785500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38785500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38785500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38785500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84869.803063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84869.803063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84869.803063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84869.803063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84869.803063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84869.803063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38328500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38328500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38328500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38328500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38328500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38328500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83869.803063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83869.803063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83869.803063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83869.803063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83869.803063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83869.803063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  244713877                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  106557292                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                       208142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                         7905                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1300705633                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          481                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                 1200                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4692137617                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1895211595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1619104798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             322327501                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17253228                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    133139105                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1619104798                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    322327501                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3081913587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1277498407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           662100365                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          309663234                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           757602119                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          453817669                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    351181750                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  244624485                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 106557265                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                4692137617                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        173515426                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             18686074      0.99%      0.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1216113562     64.17%     65.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2942125      0.16%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1126      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  64666      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                   20468      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                98028291      5.17%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                    1018      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  121936      0.01%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc               49009754      2.59%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  4824      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd           48929011      2.58%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt           61179671      3.23%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                139      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult          48927179      2.58%     81.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 1      0.00%     81.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               229116200     12.09%     93.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              106155186      5.60%     99.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead           15508285      0.82%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            402079      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1895211595                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          350990441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         55621857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.310297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2865791209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2865791209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    197438780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      197438780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     97829329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      97829329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu1.data       100475                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       100475                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    295268109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       295268109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    295368584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      295368584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     46561639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     46561639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data      8727963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8727963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu1.data       612983                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       612983                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     55289602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      55289602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     55902585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     55902585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 607176270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 607176270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 142532743500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 142532743500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 749709013500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 749709013500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 749709013500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 749709013500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    244000419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    244000419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    106557292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106557292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       713458                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       713458                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    350557711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    350557711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    351271169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    351271169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.190826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.081909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.081909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.859172                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.859172                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.157719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.157719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.159144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13040.268406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13040.268406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16330.585212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16330.585212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13559.674629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13559.674629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13410.990091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13410.990091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     33645109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         33645109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        24475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        24475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        24475                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24475                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     46537164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     46537164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      8727963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8727963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       356730                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       356730                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     55265127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     55265127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     55621857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     55621857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 559598263500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 559598263500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 133804780500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 133804780500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  23192507500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23192507500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 693403044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 693403044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 716595551500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 716595551500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.190726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.081909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.500001                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500001                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.157649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.158344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12024.760759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12024.760759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15330.585212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15330.585212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 65014.177389                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65014.177389                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12546.846115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12546.846115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12883.344609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12883.344609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              55621849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.986225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1300705633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         272228.052114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.986225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10405649842                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10405649842                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1300700855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1300700855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1300700855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1300700855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1300700855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1300700855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    301289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    301289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    301289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    301289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    301289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1300705633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1300705633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1300705633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1300705633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1300705633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1300705633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 63057.555463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63057.555463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 63057.555463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63057.555463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 63057.555463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63057.555463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         4266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             4266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    296511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    296511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    296511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    296511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    296511000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    296511000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 62057.555463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62057.555463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 62057.555463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62057.555463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 62057.555463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62057.555463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  4266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102534.047178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   111949119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1001138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    111.821866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      41.170072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       23.371691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    13282.088740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst       53.102644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    89134.314032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.050667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.340020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       103028                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                1792187186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               1792187186                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     33645658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         33645658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         4287                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             4287                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          8351622                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               8351755                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          1778                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1778                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     46620708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          46621043                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                1778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            54972330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 54974576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst               1778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           54972330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                54974576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         376341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              376472                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         3000                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       273186                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          620541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              3000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            649527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1000470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             3000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           649527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1000470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12031000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  33013546500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   33025577500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37628000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    270550500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    308178500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30798062500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  22860788000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  53658850500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30810093500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    270550500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  55874334500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      86992606500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30810093500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    270550500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  55874334500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     86992606500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     33645658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     33645658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         4287                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4287                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      8727963                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8728227                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           5235                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     46893894                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      47241584                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            4778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        55621857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             55975046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           4778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       55621857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            55975046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.043119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.043133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.627878                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.660363                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013135                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.627878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.011678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.017874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.627878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.011678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.017874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91839.694656                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 87722.428595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87723.861270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82336.980306                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90183.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89146.225051                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88664.514690                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 83682.135981                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86471.080074                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82336.980306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88665.711712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90183.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86023.112973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86951.739183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82336.980306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88665.711712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90183.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86023.112973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86951.739183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              361431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    361431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       376341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         376472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       273186                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       620541                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       649527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1000470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       649527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1000470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10721000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  29250136500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29260857500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33058000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    240550500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273608500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27324512500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  20128928000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47453440500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27335233500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    240550500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  49379064500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  76987906500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27335233500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    240550500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  49379064500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  76987906500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.043119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.627878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.627878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.011678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.017874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.627878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.011678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.017874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 81839.694656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 77722.428595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77723.861270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72336.980306                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80183.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79146.225051                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78664.514690                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 73682.135981                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76471.080074                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72336.980306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78665.711712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80183.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76023.112973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76951.739183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72336.980306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78665.711712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80183.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76023.112973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76951.739183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         898107                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1897070                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       896600                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             623998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       361431                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           535169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            376472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           376472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        623998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2897540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2897540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2897540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     87161664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     87161664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                87161664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1000470                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1000470    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1000470                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          3378837000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5459195546                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    111949128                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     55974082                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1516                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1516                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2346068808500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          47246819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     34007089                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        22860813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8728227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8728227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          5235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     47241584                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    166865563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             167924174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       578816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5713085824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             5735999424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          898107                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  23131584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         56873153                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005163                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               56871637    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1516      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           56873153                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        89624509000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            686997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         527133574                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           7167499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       83432785500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
