
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.089403                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89403320500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                89403320500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 494525                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   936223                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1108516331                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8614512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    80.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39884128                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75507651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        165312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        478144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           22911808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       165312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        194560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks       326720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          326720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           2583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data           7471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              357997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks         5105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               5105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           327147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        248750313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst          1849059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data          5348168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             256274687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       327147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      1849059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2176206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        3654450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3654450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        3654450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          327147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       248750313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst         1849059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data         5348168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            259929138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5105.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347486.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      2583.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples      7427.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.015122115652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds          295                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds          295                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              732624                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState               5026                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      357997                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       5105                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    357997                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     5105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               22908992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  323136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                22911808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               326720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     44                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            11249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            11198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            11283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            11237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            11213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            11155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            11154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            11320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            11382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            11401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            11283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            11438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            11409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            11297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            11131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16              136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17              201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20              249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21              184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26              169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30              208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   89403241500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                357997                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 5105                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  354909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    854.197742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   688.518714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   338.980501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2040      7.50%      7.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1792      6.59%     14.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          733      2.70%     16.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          425      1.56%     18.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          283      1.04%     19.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          189      0.69%     20.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          310      1.14%     21.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          274      1.01%     22.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        21151     77.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     812.881356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    278.763761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   5585.607097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          283     95.93%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            6      2.03%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            2      0.68%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.34%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.34%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            1      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255            1      0.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.115254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.086644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.986441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              128     43.39%     43.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      1.69%     45.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              162     54.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22239104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       165312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data       475328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       323136                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 327146.685787805880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 248750313.474095195532                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 1849058.838927576551                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 5316670.536862218753                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3614362.399436831009                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         2583                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data         7471                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5105                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14503052                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  15538757382                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    119099108                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data    285137603                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1940922857677                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     31735.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     44717.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     46108.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     38165.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 380200363.89                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9696183269                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             15957497145                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1192699396                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27087.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44579.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       256.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    256.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      42.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   332760                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3040                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                59.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     246220.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             19966250.304001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             35234346.621597                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            486996835.315204                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           3717872.256000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         3924017320.977753                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         3075021817.072900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         337900129.862380                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12650745644.812494                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    670469704.800012                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     15434668016.259352                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           37109384296.403404                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            415.078367                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          80847452177                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1821029500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    2032100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  42438089480                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2793597594                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4702694815                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  35615809111                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             22451895.648002                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             39636231.163200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            494833307.472003                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           8193001.488000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         4134208396.903392                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         3386866229.392909                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         341671260.806379                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    13106963116.799641                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    782066248.320029                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     14699622156.257561                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           37477230319.115440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            419.192823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          80194550145                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1798105000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    2140950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  40039065400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3258637370                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    5266311695                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  36900251035                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902846                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       178806641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 178806641                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34124833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34124833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14534000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14534000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34139367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34139367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34139367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34139367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98147.295004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98147.295004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 55053.030303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55053.030303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98114.598481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98114.598481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98114.598481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98114.598481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33777143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33777143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14270000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14270000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33791413000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33791413000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33791413000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33791413000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 97147.295004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97147.295004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54053.030303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54053.030303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 97114.598481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97114.598481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 97114.598481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97114.598481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          355.871802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.577681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   355.871802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.695062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.695062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223225                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38983500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38983500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38983500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38983500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38983500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38983500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85303.063457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85303.063457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85303.063457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85303.063457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85303.063457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85303.063457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38526500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38526500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38526500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38526500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38526500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38526500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84303.063457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84303.063457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84303.063457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84303.063457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84303.063457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84303.063457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    2221301                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    1348817                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                          188                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          101                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   14945815                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          198                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        48111877                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   12095651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     22709193                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             22318886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                589143                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     663748                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1532809                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    22318886                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       589143                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           43349622                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          18207893                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              793161                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             432662                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10691061                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            7027243                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3558670                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2210058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1348612                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              35166313.594236                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              12945563.405764                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.269072                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.730928                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2616397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               114131      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 18801159     82.79%     83.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   17071      0.08%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                      105      0.00%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   7335      0.03%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    4424      0.02%     83.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   55156      0.24%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                     970      0.00%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                    9996      0.04%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                  39238      0.17%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              27958      0.12%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              22404      0.10%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               3059      0.01%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult             45459      0.20%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt              2058      0.01%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2061511      9.08%     93.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1213807      5.35%     98.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             148547      0.65%     99.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            134805      0.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  22709193                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3570118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           391213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.125765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         28952157                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        28952157                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1858961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1858961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1319944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1319944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data      3178905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3178905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data      3178905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3178905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data       362340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       362340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        28873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data       391213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        391213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data       391213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       391213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4971839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4971839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    701930500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    701930500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5673769500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5673769500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5673769500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5673769500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      2221301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2221301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      1348817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1348817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data      3570118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3570118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      3570118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3570118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.163121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.021406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13721.474306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13721.474306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 24310.965262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24310.965262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14503.018816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14503.018816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14503.018816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14503.018816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       226851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           226851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       362340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       362340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        28873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       391213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       391213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       391213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       391213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4609499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4609499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    673057500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    673057500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5282556500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5282556500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5282556500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5282556500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.163121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.021406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.109580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12721.474306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12721.474306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23310.965262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23310.965262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13503.018816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13503.018816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13503.018816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13503.018816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                391205                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.634797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           14945815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3938.291173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.634797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        119570315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       119570315                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     14942020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14942020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     14942020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        14942020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     14942020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       14942020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    273313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    273313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    273313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    273313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    273313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     14945815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14945815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     14945815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     14945815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     14945815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     14945815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 72019.235837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72019.235837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 72019.235837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72019.235837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 72019.235837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72019.235837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         3283                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3283                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    269518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    269518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    269518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    269518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    269518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 71019.235837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71019.235837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 71019.235837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71019.235837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 71019.235837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71019.235837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  3283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 89906.697644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1485874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    358075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.149617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      18.235789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       97.674108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    86951.203082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      720.751824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     2118.832841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.331693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.002749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.008083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.342967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        34821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        64252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24132059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24132059                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       227400                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           227400                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         3304                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3304                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data            24868                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 25001                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          1212                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1212                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data       358874                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            359209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                1212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data              383742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   385422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst               1212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data             383742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  385422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data           4005                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2583                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3040                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data         3466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          350821                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              2583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data              7471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 357997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             2583                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data             7471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                357997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12475000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    368470000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     380945000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37831000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    250992500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    288823500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33249952500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    297539500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33547492000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37831000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33262427500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    250992500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    666009500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      34217260500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37831000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33262427500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    250992500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    666009500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     34217260500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       227400                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       227400                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         3304                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3304                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        28873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             29137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         3795                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4252                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       362340                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        710030                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            3795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data          391213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               743419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           3795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data         391213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              743419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.138711                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.141950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.680632                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.714958                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.494093                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.680632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.019097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.481555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.680632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.019097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.481555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95229.007634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 92002.496879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92104.690522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82781.181619                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 97170.925281                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95007.730263                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95723.258626                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 85845.210617                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95625.666651                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82781.181619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95723.072296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 97170.925281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 89145.964396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95579.740892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82781.181619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95723.072296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 97170.925281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 89145.964396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95579.740892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                5105                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      5105                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         4005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           4136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2583                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3040                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         3466                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       350821                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         7471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            357997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         7471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           357997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11165000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    328420000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339585000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33261000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    225162500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258423500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29776402500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    262879500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30039282000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29787567500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    225162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    591299500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30637290500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29787567500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    225162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    591299500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30637290500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.138711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.680632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.714958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.009566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.680632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.019097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.481555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.680632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.019097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.481555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85229.007634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 82002.496879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82104.690522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72781.181619                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87170.925281                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85007.730263                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85723.258626                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 75845.210617                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85625.666651                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72781.181619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85723.072296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87170.925281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 79145.964396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85579.740892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72781.181619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85723.072296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87170.925281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 79145.964396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85579.740892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         255044                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        612102                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       254105                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             353861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           249000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        353861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       970099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       970099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 970099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     23238528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     23238528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23238528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            357997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  357997    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              357997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           633490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1969031640                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1485874                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       742455                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            938                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          938                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89403320500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            714282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       232505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          761690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            29137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           29137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       710030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1173631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2229293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       452992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     39556096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               62343872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          255044                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    326720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           998463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 997525     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    938      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             998463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          973641000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            686997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         522662035                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           5692500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         586819999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
