
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.051581                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3051580792500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3051580792500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 299406                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   408562                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              888960216                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8730040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3432.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788478                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1402492120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        593216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      78101760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          100963328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       593216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        622464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     64376448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        64376448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           9269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data        1220340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1577552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1005882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1005882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             9585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          7287732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           194396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         25593869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              33085582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         9585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       194396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           203981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       21096098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             21096098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       21096098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            9585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         7287732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          194396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        25593869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             54181681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1005882.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347486.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      9269.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples   1219512.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.095065715652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        59310                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        59310                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             4410998                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             956114                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1577552                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1005882                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1577552                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1005882                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              100910336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   52992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                64372672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               100963328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             64376448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    828                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             49061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             49010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             49459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             49119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             49268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             49245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             48974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             48976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             48798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             49020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            49044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            49381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            49249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            49500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            49607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            49521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            49590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            49692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            49785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            49721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            49488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            49389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            49487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            49420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            49405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            49296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            49107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            49100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            49075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            48959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            49028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            48950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             31241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             31297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             31701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             31406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             31461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             31515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             31659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             31540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             31384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             31453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            31279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            31348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            31381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            31468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            31484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            31494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            31429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            31468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            31520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            31466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            31361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            31401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            31379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            31520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            31555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            31377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            31344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            31373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            31409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            31360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            31384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            31366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3051543880500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1577552                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1005882                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1568672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  28163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  28688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  59297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  59312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  59311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  59311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  59311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  59311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  59312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  59313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  59313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  59317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  59320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  59316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  59310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  59310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  59310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  59310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1931972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.551451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    73.416272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.813921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1650548     85.43%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       252699     13.08%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4215      0.22%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1506      0.08%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1149      0.06%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          614      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          563      0.03%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          564      0.03%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20114      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1931972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        59310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      26.584252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.610871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    391.532687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        59309    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         59310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        59310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.958742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.929623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.995006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            30621     51.63%     51.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              527      0.89%     52.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            28150     47.46%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         59310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22239104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       593216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     78048768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     64372672                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 9584.540600033943                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 7287732.330291891471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 194396.295014692791                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 25576503.886714644730                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21094860.787632253021                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         9269                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data      1220340                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1005882                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     13616775                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  14191789341                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    843067675                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data 111358810284                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 168293704134035                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     29796.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     40841.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     90955.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     91252.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 167309589.13                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  98827227867                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            126407284075                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5253644368                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     62678.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                80170.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        33.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        21.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     33.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     21.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   497514                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  153061                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 31.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                15.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1181196.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             1504202158.368271                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             2655495348.811856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            2159300542.157637                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           1186867023.215690                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         97883483393.197281                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         71159264058.288818                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         6282729982.355743                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    213077519614.144226                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    89548497467.360580                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     576236186298.797363                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1062071160372.427856                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            348.039666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2880986372986                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16562834192                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   50690150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1908011477300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 373118700144                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  103317462502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 599880168362                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             1508468611.104427                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             2663027278.834236                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            2165499501.581880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           1185925759.871701                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         99082451138.198898                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         72051094573.337158                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         6334480393.907582                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    216378227098.826752                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    90171312641.597382                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     572232850689.835327                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1064097821453.576294                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            348.703801                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2879056563751                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16567735883                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   51311050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1894193861140                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 375713740509                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  104621055886                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 609173349082                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       176150635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              171066541.161299                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5084093.838701                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.028862                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.971138                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32797591500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32797591500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14664500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14664500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32812256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32812256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32812256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32812256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94329.982168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94329.982168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 55547.348485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55547.348485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94300.556970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94300.556970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94300.556970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94300.556970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32449901500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32449901500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14400500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14400500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32464302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32464302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32464302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32464302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93329.982168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93329.982168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54547.348485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54547.348485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93300.556970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93300.556970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93300.556970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93300.556970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.687329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   433.687329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.847046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.847046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38091500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38091500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38091500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38091500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38091500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38091500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83351.203501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83351.203501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83351.203501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83351.203501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83351.203501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83351.203501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37634500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37634500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37634500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37634500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37634500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37634500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82351.203501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82351.203501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82351.203501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82351.203501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82351.203501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82351.203501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  256032184                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                   74686833                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                        11275                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                        17448                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1564970713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                         3040                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                  309                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6103161585                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1349693662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            490293179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1149694419                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2911795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15862271                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   490293179                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1149694419                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1244658007                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         169709709                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          2250147478                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes         1082100292                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           103616550                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           64538961                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    330678470                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  256005553                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  74672917                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                6103161585                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         20603880                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1839050      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                477330737     35.37%     35.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1191002      0.09%     35.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    11302      0.00%     35.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 827572      0.06%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                  168554      0.01%     35.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     35.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                55171886      4.09%     39.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                    2946      0.00%     39.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  329258      0.02%     39.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                3185814      0.24%     40.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     40.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     40.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  5061      0.00%     40.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     40.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     40.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd          220918553     16.37%     56.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  2      0.00%     56.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            9201854      0.68%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            5116696      0.38%     57.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     57.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult         242810108     17.99%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            904797      0.07%     75.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                31228848      2.31%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               10229599      0.76%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead          224776705     16.65%     95.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite          64443318      4.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1349693662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          330719017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         82769451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.995665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           225500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2728521587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2728521587                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    195676095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      195676095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     52273471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      52273471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    247949566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       247949566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    247949566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      247949566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     60356089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     60356089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     22413362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     22413362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     82769451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      82769451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     82769451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     82769451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 832648860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 832648860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 404006575000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 404006575000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1236655435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1236655435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1236655435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1236655435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    256032184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    256032184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     74686833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     74686833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    330719017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    330719017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    330719017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    330719017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.235736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.300098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.300098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.250271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.250271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.250271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.250271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13795.606604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13795.606604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 18025.255426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18025.255426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14940.964572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14940.964572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14940.964572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14940.964572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     67114227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         67114227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     60356089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     60356089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     22413362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     22413362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     82769451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     82769451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     82769451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     82769451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 772292771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 772292771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 381593213000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 381593213000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1153885984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1153885984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1153885984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1153885984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.235736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.300098                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300098                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.250271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.250271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12795.606604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12795.606604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 17025.255426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17025.255426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13940.964572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13940.964572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13940.964572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13940.964572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              82769443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.989637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1564970713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            74556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         20990.540171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           130500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.989637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12519840260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     12519840260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1564896157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1564896157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1564896157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1564896157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1564896157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1564896157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst        74556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        74556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst        74556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         74556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst        74556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        74556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   2190187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2190187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   2190187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2190187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   2190187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2190187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1564970713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1564970713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1564970713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1564970713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1564970713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1564970713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 29376.401631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29376.401631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 29376.401631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29376.401631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 29376.401631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29376.401631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        74044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            74044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        74556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        74556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        74556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst        74556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   2115631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2115631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   2115631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2115631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   2115631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2115631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 28376.401631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28376.401631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 28376.401631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28376.401631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 28376.401631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28376.401631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                 74044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102642.832252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   166383858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1578968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    105.375066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      70.559693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        7.787774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     6090.536507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      268.401531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    96205.546747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.023234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.001024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.366995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3082                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        99604                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2663720920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2663720920                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     67114776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         67114776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        74065                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            74065                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         21320374                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              21320507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst         65287                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              65287                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     60228737                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          60229072                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst               65287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            81549111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 81614866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst              65287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           81549111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                81614866                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        1092988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1093119                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         9269                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             9726                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       127352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          474707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              9269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data           1220340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1577552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             9269                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data          1220340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1577552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12603500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 124105479000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  124118082500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     36932500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1316512500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1353445000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31909034000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  49342488000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  81251522000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     36932500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31921637500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1316512500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 173447967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     206723049500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     36932500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31921637500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1316512500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 173447967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    206723049500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     67114776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     67114776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        74065                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        74065                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     22413362                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          22413626                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst        74556                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          75013                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     60356089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      60703779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst           74556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        82769451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             83192418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst          74556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       82769451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            83192418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.048765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.048770                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.124323                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.129658                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007820                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.124323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.014744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.018963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.124323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.014744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.018963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96209.923664                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 113546.973068                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113544.895387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80815.098468                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 142033.930305                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139157.413119                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91862.889551                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 387449.651360                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171161.415357                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80815.098468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91864.528355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 142033.930305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 142130.854516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131040.402789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80815.098468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91864.528355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 142033.930305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 142130.854516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131040.402789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1005882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1005882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      1092988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1093119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         9269                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         9726                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       127352                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       474707                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         9269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      1220340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1577552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         9269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      1220340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1577552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11293500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 113175599000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 113186892500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32362500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1223822500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1256185000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28435484000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  48068968000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76504452000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32362500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28446777500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1223822500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 161244567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 190947529500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32362500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28446777500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   1223822500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 161244567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 190947529500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.048765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.124323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.124323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.014744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.018963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.124323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.014744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.018963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86209.923664                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103546.973068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103544.895387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 70815.098468                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 132033.930305                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129157.413119                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 81862.889551                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 377449.651360                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161161.415357                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 70815.098468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 81864.528355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 132033.930305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132130.854516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121040.402789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 70815.098468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 81864.528355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 132033.930305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132130.854516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121040.402789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1475937                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3051117                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1473565                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             484433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1005882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           467683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1093119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1093119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        484433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4628669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4628669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4628669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    165339776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    165339776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               165339776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1577552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1577552    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1577552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          7084518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         8532529211                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    166383872                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     83191454                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2386                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2386                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3051580792500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          60778792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     68120658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        74065                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        16472668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         22413626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        22413626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         75013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     60703779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       223156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    248308345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             249576290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9510400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9592555392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             9624400576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1475937                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  64376448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         84668355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               84665969    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2386      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           84668355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       150380777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            688494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         527433473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         111834998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      124154176999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
