
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.912593                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2912593057500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2912593057500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 283568                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524581                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              803588557                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8600116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3624.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1901336620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         97024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data       7512064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           29877440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        97024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks      1008256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1008256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           1516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         117376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              466835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks        15754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            10042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          7635500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            33312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data          2579167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              10258021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        10042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        33312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            43354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks         346171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               346171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks         346171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           10042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         7635500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           33312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data         2579167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             10604192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     15754.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347486.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1516.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    117298.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      2.848661469652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds          952                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds          952                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             1044399                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState              14936                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      466835                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15754                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    466835                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15754                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               29872448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1004992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                29877440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1008256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     78                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             14687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             14668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             14590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             14570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             14533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             14532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             14453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             14417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             14361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             14393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            14445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            14530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            14427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            14538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            14646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            15101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            14656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            14664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            14681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            14617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            14704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            14818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            14588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            14618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            14623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            14475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            14539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            14563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            14624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            14634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            14520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            14542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16              517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19              491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20              612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21              616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22              472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23              522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24              530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26              495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27              469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28              454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29              435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31              495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2912252400500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                466835                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15754                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  460258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    6499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                    952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        86067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    358.760501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.046111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   428.962435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        53799     62.51%     62.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4320      5.02%     67.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          957      1.11%     68.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          657      0.76%     69.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          660      0.77%     70.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          544      0.63%     70.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          611      0.71%     71.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          697      0.81%     72.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        23822     27.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        86067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     490.283613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     88.919731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   3175.742966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          926     97.27%     97.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           15      1.58%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            8      0.84%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            2      0.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255            1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.494748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.473611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.851777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              707     74.26%     74.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               19      2.00%     76.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              226     23.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22239104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        97024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      7507072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1004992                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 10041.910909828501                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 7635499.900246534497                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 33311.897022538309                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 2577453.098251780029                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 345050.606164194643                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1516                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       117376                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        15754                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     13733262                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  14707939940                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     67602543                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  31573135586                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 161009091441380                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     30050.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     42326.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     44592.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data    268991.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 10220203849.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  38197897887                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             46362411331                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1555234324                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     81836.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                99328.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        10.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     10.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   390273                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    6120                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                38.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    6034643.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             66696070.896017                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             117744217.466346                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            638797282.838723                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           18068009.904000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         31961884796.110657                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         10988746068.674585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         2845396873.804123                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    67623934961.881149                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    36788860167.336487                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     744341603926.076416                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           895772156902.517212                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            307.551429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2877226009228                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8434691884                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   16551850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2536142002220                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 153286825222                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    7794960568                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 190382727606                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             67514743.296015                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             119189489.126346                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            641471612.678734                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           18976246.464000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         32928358232.036789                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         11195092311.148882                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         2939496786.776689                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    69484802397.049088                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    38090066276.613754                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     741494908132.043335                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           897364258229.130737                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            308.098056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2878752682533                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8701043500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   17052350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2524748059020                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 158708482298                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    7761484647                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 195621638035                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       177174749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              171785926.898270                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5388822.101730                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.030415                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.969585                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33309882500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33309882500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14313500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14313500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33324196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33324196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33324196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33324196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95803.395266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95803.395266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54217.803030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54217.803030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95771.843405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95771.843405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95771.843405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95771.843405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32962192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32962192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14049500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14049500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32976242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32976242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32976242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32976242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94803.395266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94803.395266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53217.803030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53217.803030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94771.843405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94771.843405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94771.843405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94771.843405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.562914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   433.562914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.846803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.846803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38208500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38208500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83607.221007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83607.221007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83607.221007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83607.221007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83607.221007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83607.221007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37751500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37751500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37751500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37751500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37751500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37751500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82607.221007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82607.221007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82607.221007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82607.221007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82607.221007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82607.221007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  237732306                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  154763375                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                          494                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                         2405                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1414620496                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          123                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                  673                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5825186115                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1848538162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1826159736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              21377368                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   16446906                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    175334610                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1826159736                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     21377368                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3632266948                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1465443571                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            19908430                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           13683919                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1112331204                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          556731612                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    392495602                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  237732233                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 154763369                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                5825186115                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        215582213                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             14567532      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1425164645     77.10%     77.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2365420      0.13%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  5630131      0.30%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                3039268      0.16%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     758      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                 1457401      0.08%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      12      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  524732      0.03%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                2740100      0.15%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   233      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             313781      0.02%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  1      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              52089      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              31184      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            154505      0.01%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               768      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               233507141     12.63%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              147606480      7.99%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            4225092      0.23%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           7156889      0.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1848538162                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          392495681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         88811901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.419404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3228777349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3228777349                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    172584769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      172584769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data    131099011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     131099011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    303683780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       303683780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    303683780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      303683780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     65147537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     65147537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     23664364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23664364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     88811901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     88811901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 849222336500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 849222336500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 341660945000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 341660945000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1190883281500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1190883281500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1190883281500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1190883281500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    237732306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    237732306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    154763375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154763375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    392495681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    392495681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    392495681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    392495681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.274037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.274037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.152907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.226275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.226275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13035.371337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13035.371337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14437.782693                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14437.782693                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13409.050680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13409.050680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13409.050680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13409.050680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     53487046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         53487046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     65147537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     65147537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     23664364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     23664364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     88811901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     88811901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 784074799500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 784074799500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 317996581000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 317996581000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1102071380500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1102071380500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1102071380500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1102071380500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.274037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12035.371337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12035.371337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13437.782693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13437.782693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12409.050680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12409.050680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12409.050680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12409.050680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              88811893                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.988849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1414620496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           273039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          5181.019913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.988849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      11317237007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     11317237007                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1414347457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1414347457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1414347457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1414347457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1414347457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1414347457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       273039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        273039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       273039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3678592000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3678592000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3678592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3678592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3678592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3678592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1414620496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1414620496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1414620496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1414620496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1414620496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1414620496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13472.771289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13472.771289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13472.771289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13472.771289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 13472.771289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13472.771289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks       272527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           272527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       273039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       273039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       273039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3405553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3405553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3405553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3405553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   3405553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3405553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12472.771289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12472.771289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12472.771289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12472.771289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 12472.771289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12472.771289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                272527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102593.009073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   178865734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    467171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    382.869943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     126.243716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       90.771462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    67755.684674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      103.927544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    34516.381675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.258467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.131670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1028                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       102001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2862318979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2862318979                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     53487595                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         53487595                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks       272548                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           272548                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         23550668                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              23550801                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst        271523                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             271523                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     65143857                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          65144192                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst              271523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            88694525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 88966516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst             271523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           88694525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                88966516                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         113696                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              113827                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1516                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1973                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data         3680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          351035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              1516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            117376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 466835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             1516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           117376                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                466835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12253500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  35216910000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   35229163500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37048000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    144962000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    182010000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32422168000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2342253000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  34764421000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32434421500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    144962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  37559163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      70175594500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32434421500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    144962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  37559163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     70175594500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     53487595                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     53487595                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks       272548                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       272548                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     23664364                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          23664628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       273039                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         273496                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     65147537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      65495227                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst          273039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        88811901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             89433351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         273039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       88811901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            89433351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.004810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005552                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.007214                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005360                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.001322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.005220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.001322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.005220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93538.167939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 309746.253166                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 309497.425918                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81067.833698                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 95621.372032                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92250.380132                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93340.150566                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 636481.793478                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99034.059282                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81067.833698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93340.225218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 95621.372032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 319990.142789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150322.050617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81067.833698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93340.225218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 95621.372032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 319990.142789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150322.050617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks               15754                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15754                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       113696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         113827                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1516                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1973                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         3680                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       351035                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       117376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            466835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       117376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           466835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10943500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  34079950000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34090893500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32478000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    129802000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162280000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28948618000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2305453000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31254071000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28959561500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    129802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  36385403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65507244500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28959561500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    129802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  36385403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65507244500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.005220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.005220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83538.167939                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 299746.253166                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299497.425918                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71067.833698                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85621.372032                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82250.380132                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83340.150566                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 626481.793478                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89034.059282                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71067.833698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83340.225218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85621.372032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 309990.142789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140322.050617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71067.833698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83340.225218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85621.372032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 309990.142789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140322.050617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         364140                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        829924                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       363089                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             353008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           347335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            113827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           113827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        353008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1296759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1296759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1296759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     30885696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     30885696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                30885696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            466835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  466835    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              466835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           897665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2567196653                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    178865738                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     89432387                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1055                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1055                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2912593057500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          65768723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     53503349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       272548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        36020630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         23664628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        23664628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        273496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     65495227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       818605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    266435695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             268299089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     34916224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9107132608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             9164383616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          364140                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1008256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         89797491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000012                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.003428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               89796436    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1055      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           89797491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       143193012000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            688993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         527351637                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         409558999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      133217851999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
