
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.331668                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2331668199500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2331668199500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 569572                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   925149                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1292146448                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8600888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1804.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788478                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1669423879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22239040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        116224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data     171057344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          193441856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       116224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        145472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    114009536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       114009536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           1816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data        2672771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3022529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1781399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1781399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            12544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          9537824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            49846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         73362644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              82962857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        12544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        49846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            62390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       48896123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             48896123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       48896123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           12544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         9537824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           49846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        73362644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            131858981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1781398.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347485.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1816.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples   2671838.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.013006099652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       105632                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       105632                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             8235531                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1690416                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     3022529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1781399                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   3022529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1781399                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              193382144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   59712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               114006464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               193441856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            114009536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    933                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             93094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             92096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             92307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             93259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             92556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             92594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             93455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             93897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             92326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             92109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            91643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            90894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            90870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            93015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            93035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            94057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            95681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            95479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            93620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            94612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            96034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            94752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            94863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            97809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            97464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            97659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            98060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            97934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            97507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            96922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            96585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            95408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             54822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             53864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             53415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             55961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             55438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             54673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             55741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             57518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             54693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             54445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            54075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            53080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            53353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            54843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            54685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            55429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            57388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            57226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            55709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            56483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            57107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            56408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            56335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            57878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            56145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            56413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            57010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            56404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            56452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            56242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            55666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            56450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2331667130500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               3022529                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1781399                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 3011738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    9858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  45014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  46223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                 105629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                 105633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                 105634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                 105634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                 105632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2724566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    112.821034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.314124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.876620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2246029     82.44%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       311971     11.45%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26456      0.97%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23037      0.85%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15317      0.56%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12096      0.44%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12107      0.44%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11697      0.43%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        65856      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2724566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       105632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.604930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.355079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    294.117654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047       105631    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        105632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       105632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.863744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.835261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.984952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            59411     56.24%     56.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1207      1.14%     57.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            45010     42.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        105632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22239040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       116224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data    170997632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    114006464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 12543.808765874966                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 9537823.608337117359                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 49845.857152798548                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 73337034.847697675228                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 48894805.883807733655                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347485                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1816                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data      2672771                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1781399                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14163607                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  12592074388                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     67985894                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data 133924289428                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 129270544289884                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     30992.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     36237.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     37437.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     50106.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  72566866.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  93744756085                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            146598513317                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                10067957872                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31024.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48516.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        82.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        48.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     82.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     48.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1979795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   98582                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 5.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     485366.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    43.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             2099398824.432515                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             3706246386.205458                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            4062806235.203756                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           2066615622.958947                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         165990798837.481079                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         120584581030.350525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         6147191947.249385                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    349750668662.013855                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    159463786161.098480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     136532319638.235275                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           950670475487.745850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            407.721165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2057214743474                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12728381471                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   85960350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 408124854500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 664432504577                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  175763799361                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 984658309591                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             2149230243.888731                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             3794206995.882729                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            4225136685.040597                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           2135691141.694985                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         165525134363.812836                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         118272731656.152115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         6297178824.491232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    349417509235.104736                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    159576349717.661377                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     138727378967.152466                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           950390009752.933472                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            407.600880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2061638102062                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13192934786                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   85719200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 413016686495                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 664901341711                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  171117962652                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 983720073856                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       172969391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              166553724.690936                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6415666.309064                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.037091                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.962909                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31206730500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31206730500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14344000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14344000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31221074500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31221074500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31221074500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31221074500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89754.466623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89754.466623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89727.591866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89727.591866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89727.591866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89727.591866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30859040500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30859040500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14080000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14080000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30873120500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30873120500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30873120500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30873120500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88754.466623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88754.466623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88727.591866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88727.591866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88727.591866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88727.591866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.027835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   433.027835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.845757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84575.492341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84575.492341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84575.492341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84575.492341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84575.492341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84575.492341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83575.492341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83575.492341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83575.492341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83575.492341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83575.492341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83575.492341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  343819880                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                   99058667                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                        68717                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                        33418                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1364911730                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          128                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                  579                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4663336399                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1616625421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1597435261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              43527152                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2570270                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     19304652                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1597435261                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     43527152                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3747515521                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1554931158                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            53302342                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           32644923                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           227945015                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          797988436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    442870347                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  343811940                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  99058407                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                4663336399                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         23008622                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              2034533      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1058698285     65.49%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                94970211      5.87%     71.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    97135      0.01%     71.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 766067      0.05%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    1792      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                 2854714      0.18%     71.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                     180      0.00%     71.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                    3964      0.00%     71.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                3003957      0.19%     71.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                    400      0.00%     71.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  1298      0.00%     71.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            5186086      0.32%     72.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     72.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            2520598      0.16%     72.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 15      0.00%     72.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     72.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult           3615839      0.22%     72.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               329452382     20.38%     92.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               89748762      5.55%     98.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead           14359558      0.89%     99.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           9309645      0.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1616625421                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          442878547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         23479341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.862478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3566507717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3566507717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    326709137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      326709137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     92690069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      92690069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    419399206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       419399206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    419399206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      419399206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     17110743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     17110743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data      6368598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6368598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     23479341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      23479341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     23479341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     23479341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 316924325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 316924325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 230369504000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 230369504000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 547293829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 547293829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 547293829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 547293829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    343819880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    343819880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     99058667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     99058667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    442878547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    442878547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    442878547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    442878547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.049767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.064291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.053015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.053015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 18521.949924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18521.949924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 36172.718705                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36172.718705                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23309.590716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23309.590716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23309.590716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23309.590716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     14542298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         14542298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     17110743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17110743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      6368598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6368598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     23479341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23479341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     23479341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23479341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 299813582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 299813582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 224000906000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 224000906000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 523814488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 523814488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 523814488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 523814488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.049767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.064291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.053015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.053015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 17521.949924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17521.949924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 35172.718705                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35172.718705                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22309.590716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22309.590716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22309.590716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22309.590716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              23479333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.986679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1364911730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         686230.130719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.986679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10919295829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10919295829                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1364909741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1364909741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1364909741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1364909741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1364909741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1364909741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    167541500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    167541500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    167541500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    167541500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    167541500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    167541500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1364911730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1364911730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1364911730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1364911730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1364911730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1364911730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84234.037205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84234.037205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84234.037205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84234.037205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84234.037205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84234.037205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    165552500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165552500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    165552500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165552500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    165552500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165552500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83234.037205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83234.037205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83234.037205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83234.037205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83234.037205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83234.037205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  1477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102524.321506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    47658399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   3023126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     15.764609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      20.590879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       12.106028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     6904.473505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst       46.972666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    95540.178431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.026338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.364457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        93437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 765559414                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                765559414                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     14542847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         14542847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1498                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1498                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          4518305                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               4518438                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst           173                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                173                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          336                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     16288265                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          16288601                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                 173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            20806570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 20807212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                173                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           20806570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                20807212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        1850293                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1850424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1816                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2273                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       822478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1169832                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              1816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data           2672771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                3022529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             1816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data          2672771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3022529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12286000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 167005714000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  167018000000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37491500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    160701000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    198192500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30314554500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103104108500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 133418663000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37491500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30326840500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    160701000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 270109822500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     300634855500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37491500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30326840500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    160701000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 270109822500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    300634855500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     14542847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14542847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1498                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1498                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      6368598                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6368862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         1989                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2446                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     17110743                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      17458433                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            1989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        23479341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             23829741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           1989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       23479341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            23829741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.290534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.290542                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.913022                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.929272                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999034                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.048068                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067007                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.913022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.113835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.126839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.913022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.113835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.126839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93786.259542                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 90259.063835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90259.313541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82038.293217                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88491.740088                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87194.236692                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87272.795189                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 125357.892248                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114049.421626                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82038.293217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87275.250730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88491.740088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 101059.844820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99464.671968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82038.293217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87275.250730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88491.740088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 101059.844820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99464.671968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1781399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1781399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          119                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           119                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      1850293                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1850424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1816                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2273                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347354                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       822478                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1169832                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      2672771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           3022529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      2672771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          3022529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10976000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 148502784000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 148513760000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32921500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    142541000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    175462500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  26841014500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  94879328500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 121720343000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32921500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  26851990500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    142541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 243382112500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 270409565500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32921500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  26851990500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    142541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 243382112500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 270409565500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.290534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.913022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.048068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.913022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.113835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.126839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.913022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.113835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.126839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83786.259542                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 80259.063835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80259.313541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72038.293217                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 78491.740088                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77194.236692                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77272.795189                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 115357.892248                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104049.421626                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72038.293217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77275.250730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 78491.740088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 91059.844820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89464.671968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72038.293217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77275.250730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 78491.740088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 91059.844820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89464.671968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        2920095                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       5941071                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2918542                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1172105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1781399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1137143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1850424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1850424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1172105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8963600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      8963600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8963600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    307451392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    307451392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               307451392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3022529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3022529    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3022529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         13084881000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        16497020714                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     47658518                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     23828777                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1672                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1672                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2331668199500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          17460879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16324246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10423128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6368862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6368862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     17458433                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     70438015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              71488259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       221824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2433384896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2455941504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2920095                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 114009536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         26749836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               26748164     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1672      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           26749836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        38373604000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            690490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         530990844                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           2984498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       35219011999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
