
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.089776                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89776493500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                89776493500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 507043                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   963480                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1635448735                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8584656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    27833663                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      52889384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22238464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         67328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data         40896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           22375936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        67328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         96576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        26048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           26048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           1052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data            639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              349624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          407                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                407                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           325787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        247709207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           749951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data           455531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             249240476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       325787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       749951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1075738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks         290143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               290143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks         290143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          325787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       247709207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          749951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data          455531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            249530619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       407.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347476.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1052.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples       639.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.052235750485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           21                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           21                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              710577                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                358                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      349624                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        407                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    349624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      407                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               22375936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                22375936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                26048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            11080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            11052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            10963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            10919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            10919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            10936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            10933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            10912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            10917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            10911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            10976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            10993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            11047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            11005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            10992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            10932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   89776414500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                349624                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  407                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  349015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    992.785816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   952.930173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.791896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          283      1.25%      1.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          318      1.41%      2.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          103      0.46%      3.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           52      0.23%      3.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      0.16%      3.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.10%      3.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           87      0.39%      3.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           70      0.31%      4.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        21589     95.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   16128.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11836.317900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  23443.303898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            2      9.52%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            7     33.33%     47.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            5     23.81%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            2      9.52%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      4.76%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      4.76%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            1      4.76%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::116736-118783            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.966092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22238464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        67328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data        40896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        22400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 325786.838622740353                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 247709206.864935100079                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 749951.322168759070                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 455531.268883875513                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 249508.519732952147                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347476                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data          639                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          407                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14508414                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  15915160709                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     35781943                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data     21156081                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3102431850128                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     31747.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     45802.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     34013.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     33108.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 7622682678.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9870984139                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             15986607147                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1164947168                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28233.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45725.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       249.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    249.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      40.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   327163                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     246                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                60.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     256481.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    93.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             17483723.712001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             30851732.368798                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            477640795.228804                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           122670.912000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         3698281567.411312                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         2813098504.322485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         335715484.070380                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12337441352.678114                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    391656874.559973                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     16434212040.658674                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           37048101967.144112                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            412.670405                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          81693039840                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1907337500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1915200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  45327392040                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1631899753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4260872152                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  34733792055                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             17703595.728001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             31253655.535197                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            481343713.468804                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           702998.688000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         3712474533.952914                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         2870779874.541689                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         339849045.983978                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12364783179.570917                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    382678267.439975                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     16428872965.143480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           37149796852.912094                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            413.803162                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          81539417161                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1934933000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1922550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  45136437560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1594486783                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4377310679                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  34810775478                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902846                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       179552987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 179552987                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34498539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34498539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13991500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13991500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34512530500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34512530500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34512530500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34512530500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99222.120280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99222.120280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 52998.106061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52998.106061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99187.049150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99187.049150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99187.049150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99187.049150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34150849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34150849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13727500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13727500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34164576500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34164576500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  34164576500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34164576500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98222.120280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98222.120280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 51998.106061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51998.106061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98187.049150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98187.049150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98187.049150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98187.049150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          355.873968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.577681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   355.873968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.695066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.695066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223225                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85323.851204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85323.851204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85323.851204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85323.851204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85323.851204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85323.851204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84323.851204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84323.851204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84323.851204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84323.851204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84323.851204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84323.851204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                      10155                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                      10217                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                           25                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           15                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                      61059                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           99                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   39                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                          549831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                      45186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                        90926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                87815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5704                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       1828                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts         7450                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                       87815                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5704                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             171843                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes             67132                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                6430                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2522                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads               50429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes              25507                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        20344                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      10143                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     10201                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              548147.295743                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles               1683.704257                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003062                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996938                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            10099                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 1533      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    67203     73.91%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      51      0.06%     75.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.02%     75.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    186      0.20%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                      16      0.02%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     530      0.58%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      12      0.01%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                     350      0.38%     76.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                    680      0.75%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    9333     10.26%     87.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                   7323      8.05%     95.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                810      0.89%     96.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              2878      3.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                     90926                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              20372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.505086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           167498                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          167498                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data         6948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data         8902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data        15850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           15850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data        15850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          15850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data         3207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data         1315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data         4522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data         4522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     58471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     47411500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47411500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    105882500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    105882500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    105882500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    105882500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        10155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        10217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        20372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        20372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        20372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        20372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.315805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.315805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.128707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.128707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 18232.304334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18232.304334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 36054.372624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36054.372624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23414.971252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23414.971252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23414.971252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23414.971252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         3929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         3207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         1315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         4522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         4522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     55264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     46096500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46096500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    101360500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101360500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    101360500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101360500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.315805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.128707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 17232.304334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17232.304334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 35054.372624                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35054.372624                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22414.971252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22414.971252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22414.971252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22414.971252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                  4514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.634062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              61059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            53.187282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.634062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           489620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          489620                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst        59911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          59911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst        59911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           59911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        59911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          59911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     93413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     93413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     93413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst        61059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        61059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst        61059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        61059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst        61059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        61059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81370.209059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81370.209059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81370.209059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81370.209059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81370.209059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81370.209059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     92265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     92265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     92265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80370.209059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80370.209059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80370.209059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80370.209059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80370.209059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80370.209059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 88213.765316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      707017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    349640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.022128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       0.001081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst      108.648896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    87189.633666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      473.060419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data      442.421254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.332602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.001805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.001688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.336509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        29851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        69254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  11664808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 11664808                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          657                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              657                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data              889                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1024                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst            96                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 96                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          343                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         2994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              3337                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                  96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data                3883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                478                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                 96                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data               3883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data            426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1509                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347347                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data          213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          347560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              1052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data               639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 349624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347476                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             1052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data              639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                349624                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11912000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     34770500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      46682500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37840500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89500000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    127340500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33625683000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     18982000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33644665000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37840500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33637595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     53752500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      33818688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37840500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33637595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     53752500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     33818688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          657                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          657                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         1315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1579                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1605                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         3207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        350897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            1148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data            4522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               354081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           1148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data           4522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              354081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.488636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.323954                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.351488                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.940187                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999013                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.066417                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990490                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.916376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.141309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.987412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.916376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.141309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.987412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92341.085271                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 81620.892019                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84112.612613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82801.969365                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85076.045627                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84387.342611                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96807.178412                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 89117.370892                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96802.465761                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82801.969365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96805.520381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85076.045627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 84119.718310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96728.737158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82801.969365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96805.520381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85076.045627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 84119.718310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96728.737158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 407                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       407                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          181                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           181                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          426                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            555                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1509                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347347                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          213                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       347560                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            349624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           349624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10622000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     30510500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41132500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33270500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     78980000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112250500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30152213000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     16852000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30169065000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33270500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30162835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     78980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     47362500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30322448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33270500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30162835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     78980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     47362500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30322448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.488636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.323954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.066417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.987412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 82341.085271                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 71620.892019                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74112.612613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72801.969365                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 75076.045627                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74387.342611                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86807.178412                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 79117.370892                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86802.465761                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72801.969365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86805.520381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 75076.045627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74119.718310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86728.737158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72801.969365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86805.520381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 75076.045627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74119.718310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86728.737158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         246609                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        595381                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245757                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             349069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          407                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           245350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        349069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       945005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       945005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 945005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22401984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     22401984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22401984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            349624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  349624    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              349624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           597099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1923818355                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       707198                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       353117                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1032                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1032                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89776493500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            352502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          657                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          594179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       350897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1061279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       114176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       540864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22990144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          246609                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     26048                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           600690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 599658     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1032      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             600690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          358739000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            686498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         521938984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1722998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           6783499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
