
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.957682                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2957682387500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2957682387500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 407435                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   774131                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1205010036                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8583884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2454.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1000045186                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1900093995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data     758654400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         67328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data         40896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          758792192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        67328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         96896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        77120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           77120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data       11853975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           1052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data            639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            11856128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks         1205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             9997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        256502998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            22764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data            13827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             256549586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         9997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        22764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            32761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks          26074                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                26074                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks          26074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            9997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       256502998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           22764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data           13827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            256575660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       628.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples  11853395.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1052.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples       639.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.162798328485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           33                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           33                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            24096701                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                564                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    11856128                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1205                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  11856128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1205                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              758755072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   37120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   36416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               758792192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                77120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    580                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   577                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            371539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            371374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            371239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            371338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            371484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            370215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            367020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            366856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            367286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            367140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           367176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           367324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           367526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           371235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           371787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           371629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           371738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           371775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           371243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           371475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           371581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           371350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           370927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           371426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           371272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           371823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           371478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           371284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           371552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           371629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           371477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           371350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16               81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17              147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2957682191500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              11856128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1205                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                11854975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       892975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    849.734158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   709.227500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   310.013184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        67941      7.61%      7.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21451      2.40%     10.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        25668      2.87%     12.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24864      2.78%     15.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        23361      2.62%     18.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        27152      3.04%     21.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        30843      3.45%     24.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       133348     14.93%     39.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       538347     60.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       892975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   19863.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9637.474846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  32600.491410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095            9     27.27%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            7     21.21%     48.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            5     15.15%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            4     12.12%     75.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      3.03%     78.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            1      3.03%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      3.03%     84.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      3.03%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      3.03%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      3.03%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.242424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.215489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.969223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12     36.36%     36.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      3.03%     39.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               20     60.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data    758617280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        67328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data        40896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        36416                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 9997.016625234241                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 256490447.793221682310                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 22763.769458325587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 13827.042475161645                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12312.342986489790                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data     11853975                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data          639                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1205                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     15277822                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data 427490291285                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     36051362                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data     21185963                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 5341956425999                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     33068.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     36063.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     34269.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     33154.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 4433158859.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 220185560816                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            427562806432                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                39502685936                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18572.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36064.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       256.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    256.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      58.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 10962706                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     435                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                69.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     249439.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             694226398.319011                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             1225573850.288368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            16216499796.384695                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           184006.368000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         129552046881.100769                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         99048700831.552200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         4641660496.836666                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    427522614930.682800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    16580343408.692360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     447742704778.876831                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1148911501755.946045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            388.449925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2721748196024                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18416303500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   67090100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1449052745600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  69084388001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  150427626968                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1203611223431                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             698258944.655006                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             1232695598.449074                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            16302111266.093258                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           1158296.496000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         130275888174.729141                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         99626935910.965103                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         4667746282.347250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    429913129958.035400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16659085499.252039                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     445349089917.953186                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1150407857576.097168                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            388.955847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2720368554136                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18439573000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   67464950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1440702482780                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  69412606442                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  151320902544                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1210341872734                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  399992349                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  199997858                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       195621                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           42                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1300001551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   45                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5915364775                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1900003069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1899998558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       1302                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    100002765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1899998558                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         3799992224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1599995212                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                8891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               4426                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           500025958                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          600000832                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    599990133                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  399992310                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 199997823                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                5915364775                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        100005125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 1242      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1300007918     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      65      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      273      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    210      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     794      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                    1166      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   1268      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               399991347     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              199997004     10.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                963      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               819      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1900003069                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          599990207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         12503054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.987492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4812424710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4812424710                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data    387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data    199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1070114140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1070114140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     40072000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40072000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1070154212500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1070154212500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1070154212500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1070154212500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85595.661907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85595.661907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 36864.765409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36864.765409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85591.425303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85591.425303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85591.425303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85591.425303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1057612173500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057612173500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     38985000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38985000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1057651158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057651158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1057651158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057651158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84595.661907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84595.661907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 35864.765409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35864.765409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84591.425303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84591.425303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84591.425303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84591.425303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements              12503046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          415.107989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1300001551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         2813856.170996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   415.107989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.810758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.810758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10400012870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     10400012870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     40018500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40018500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     40018500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40018500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     40018500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40018500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86620.129870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86620.129870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86620.129870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86620.129870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86620.129870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86620.129870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39556500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39556500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39556500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39556500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39556500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39556500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85620.129870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85620.129870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85620.129870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85620.129870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85620.129870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85620.129870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                      10155                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                      10217                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                           25                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           15                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                      61059                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           99                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   39                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                          550397                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                      45186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                        90926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                87815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5704                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       1828                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts         7450                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                       87815                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5704                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             171843                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes             67132                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                6430                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2522                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads               50429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes              25507                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        20344                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      10143                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     10201                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              550345.788136                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 51.211864                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.000093                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.999907                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            10099                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 1533      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    67203     73.91%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      51      0.06%     75.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.02%     75.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    186      0.20%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                      16      0.02%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     530      0.58%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      12      0.01%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                     350      0.38%     76.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                    680      0.75%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    9333     10.26%     87.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                   7323      8.05%     95.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                810      0.89%     96.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              2878      3.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                     90926                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              20372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.505086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           167498                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          167498                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data         6948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data         8902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data        15850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           15850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data        15850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          15850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data         3207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data         1315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data         4522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data         4522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     57710500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57710500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     48194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    105904500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    105904500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    105904500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    105904500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        10155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        10217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        20372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        20372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        20372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        20372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.315805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.315805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.128707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.128707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 17995.166823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17995.166823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 36649.429658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36649.429658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23419.836356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23419.836356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23419.836356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23419.836356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         3929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         3207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         1315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         4522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         4522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     54503500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54503500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     46879000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46879000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    101382500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101382500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    101382500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101382500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.315805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.128707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16995.166823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16995.166823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 35649.429658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35649.429658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22419.836356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22419.836356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22419.836356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22419.836356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                  4514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.988843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              61059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            53.187282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.988843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           489620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          489620                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst        59911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          59911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst        59911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           59911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        59911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          59911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     93673000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93673000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     93673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     93673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst        61059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        61059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst        61059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        61059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst        61059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        61059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81596.689895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81596.689895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81596.689895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81596.689895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81596.689895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81596.689895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     92525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     92525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     92525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80596.689895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80596.689895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80596.689895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80596.689895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80596.689895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80596.689895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102619.072616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    25016500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  11856187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.109995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       0.409799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        6.704279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    102584.868485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst       16.833578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data       10.256475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.391330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        28376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        70748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 412135019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                412135019                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             6019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          681                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              681                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              463                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data              889                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1352                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst            96                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 96                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data       648616                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         2994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            651610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data              649079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                  96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data                3883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   653058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data             649079                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                 96                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data               3883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  653058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            624                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data            426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1514                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data     11853351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data          213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11853564                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          11853975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              1052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data               639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               11856128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data         11853975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             1052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data              639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              11856128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     32473000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     35553500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      68026500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38851500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89760000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    128611500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1032048726000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     18217500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1032066943500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1032081199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     53771000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1032263581500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1032081199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     53771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1032263581500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          681                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          681                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         1315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         1148                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1610                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         3207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12505174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            1148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data            4522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12509186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data       12503054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           1148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data           4522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12509186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.574057                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.323954                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.437136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.940373                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.948119                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.066417                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.947893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.948086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.916376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.141309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.947794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.948086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.916376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.141309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.947794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 52040.064103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 83458.920188                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64787.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84094.155844                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85323.193916                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84948.150594                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87068.097958                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 85528.169014                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87068.070287                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84094.155844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87066.254062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85323.193916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 84148.669797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87065.826339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84094.155844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87066.254062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85323.193916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 84148.669797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87065.826339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                1205                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1205                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          927                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           927                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          426                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     11853351                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          213                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     11853564                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     11853975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          11856128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     11853975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         11856128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     26233000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     31293500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57526500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     34231500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     79240000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113471500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 913515216000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     16087500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 913531303500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     34231500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 913541449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     79240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     47381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 913702301500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     34231500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 913541449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     79240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     47381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 913702301500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.574057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.323954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.948119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.066417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.947893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.948086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.947794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.948086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.916376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.947794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 42040.064103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 73458.920188                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54787.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 74094.155844                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 75323.193916                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74948.150594                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77068.097958                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 75528.169014                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77068.070287                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 74094.155844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77066.254062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 75323.193916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74148.669797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77065.826339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 74094.155844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77066.254062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 75323.193916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74148.669797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77065.826339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       11753156                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      23608287                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11752159                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11855078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         11750954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      11855078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     35464415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     35464415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               35464415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    758869312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    758869312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               758869312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          11856128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                11856128    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            11856128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         23613223500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        65252406858                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     25017427                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12508241                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1924                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1924                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957682387500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12506784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        24253492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12505174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37509154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              37526613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    800329216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       114176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       540864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              801016704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        11753156                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     77120                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         24262342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.008905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               24260418     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1924      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           24262342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12515413500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            694996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18754588984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1722499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           6783499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
