
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.957559                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2957559414500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2957559414500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 347919                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   661048                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1028965543                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8572420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2874.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1000026236                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1900052784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data     758640704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         41088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data         24896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          758736256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        41088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         70656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        65152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           65152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data       11853761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data            389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            11855254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks         1018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             9997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        256509033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            13893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data             8418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             256541340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         9997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        13893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            23890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks          22029                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                22029                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks          22029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            9997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       256509033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           13893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data            8418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            256563369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       443.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples  11853152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       642.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples       389.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.144117783652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           22                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           22                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            24094696                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                377                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    11855254                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1018                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  11855254                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1018                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              758697280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   38976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   24576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               758736256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                65152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    609                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   575                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            371393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            371827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            371760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            371233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            371117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            369973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            367252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            366668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            367042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            367112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           367254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           367286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           367194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           371009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           371277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           371313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           371701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           371688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           371493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           371571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           371709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           371386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           371519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           371796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           371553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           371260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           371405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           371582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           371336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           371423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           371404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           371109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2957559218500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              11855254                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1018                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                11854209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       893236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    849.407915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   708.631155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   310.302424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68015      7.61%      7.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21940      2.46%     10.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        25346      2.84%     12.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24948      2.79%     15.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        23439      2.62%     18.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        27007      3.02%     21.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        31015      3.47%     24.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       133545     14.95%     39.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       537981     60.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       893236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   24043.454545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  13202.082534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  30408.846322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            6     27.27%     31.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            3     13.64%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      4.55%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            2      9.09%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      4.55%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      4.55%     68.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            1      4.55%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      4.55%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            1      4.55%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            1      4.55%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            1      4.55%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207            1      4.55%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::114688-116735            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.454545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.430981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.911685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                6     27.27%     27.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               16     72.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data    758601728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        41088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data        24896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        24576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 9997.432293342015                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 256495854.075089782476                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 13892.535784254487                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 8417.751433138623                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8309.554113946610                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data     11853761                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data          389                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1018                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14026388                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data 427377594597                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     19961091                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data     13641855                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4361298188356                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     30360.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     36054.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     31092.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     35069.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 4284182896.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 220063773591                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            427425223931                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                39499677140                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18563.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36055.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       256.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    256.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      58.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 10961519                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     273                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                61.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     249451.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             694232635.823021                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             1225584861.881959                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            16212500644.685102                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           363294.624000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         129535150492.360611                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         99023894274.146484                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         4643182815.665468                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    427503652470.706909                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    16559075519.252337                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     447753330876.737244                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1148833250211.057861                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            388.439618                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2721682780660                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18412115500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   67081350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1449129288600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  68996443453                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  150383007332                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1203557209615                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             698659704.287012                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             1233403093.337873                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            16303633576.924662                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           542582.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         130272508896.981110                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         99619768373.128723                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         4670286018.046485                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    429873885997.903748                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16678599290.612116                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     445233949170.673340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1150240602466.898193                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            388.915468                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2720308732130                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18387735000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   67463200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1440672760980                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  69494061997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  151311311550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1210230344973                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  399992349                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  199997858                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       195621                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           42                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1300001551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   45                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5915118829                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1900003069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1899998558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       1302                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    100002765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1899998558                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         3799992224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1599995212                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                8891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               4426                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           500025958                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          600000832                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    599990133                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  399992310                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 199997823                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                5915118829                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        100005125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 1242      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1300007918     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      65      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      273      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    210      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     794      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                    1166      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   1268      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               399991347     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              199997004     10.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                963      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               819      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1900003069                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          599990207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         12503054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.987492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4812424710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4812424710                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data    387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data    199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1069992476000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1069992476000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     40002500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40002500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1070032478500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1070032478500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1070032478500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1070032478500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85585.930278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85585.930278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 36800.827967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36800.827967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85581.688962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85581.688962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85581.688962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85581.688962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1057490509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057490509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     38915500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38915500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1057529424500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057529424500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1057529424500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057529424500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84585.930278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84585.930278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 35800.827967                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35800.827967                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84581.688962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84581.688962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84581.688962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84581.688962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements              12503046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          415.107995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1300001551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         2813856.170996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   415.107995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.810758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.810758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10400012870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     10400012870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38779500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38779500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38779500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38779500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38779500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38779500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83938.311688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83938.311688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83938.311688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83938.311688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83938.311688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83938.311688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38317500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38317500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38317500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38317500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82938.311688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82938.311688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82938.311688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82938.311688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82938.311688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82938.311688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                       3807                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                       3375                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                           16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           12                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                      34304                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           57                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   15                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                          277777                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                      26236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                        49715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                48417                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2094                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        481                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts         4652                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                       48417                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         2094                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads              92465                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes             40005                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                2557                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1314                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads               28554                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes              19330                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                         7165                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                       3794                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                      3371                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              277763.955450                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 13.044550                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.000047                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.999953                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                             5409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  434      0.87%      0.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    40456     81.38%     82.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     651      1.31%     83.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.08%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    158      0.32%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     176      0.35%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      54      0.11%     84.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                     188      0.38%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                    391      0.79%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    3481      7.00%     92.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                   2753      5.54%     98.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                313      0.63%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               618      1.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                     49715                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs               7182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    6                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            58653                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           58653                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data         3067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data         2918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data         5985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            5985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data         5985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           5985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data          740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          1197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data         1197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         1197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     20539500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20539500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     24468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     45007500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     45007500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     45007500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     45007500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         3807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         3375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data         7182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.194379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.194379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.135407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.135407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 27756.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27756.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 53540.481400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53540.481400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 37600.250627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37600.250627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 37600.250627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37600.250627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     19799500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19799500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     24011000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24011000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     43810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     43810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.194379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.135407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 26756.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26756.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 52540.481400                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52540.481400                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 36600.250627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36600.250627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 36600.250627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36600.250627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                  1189                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          497.991176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              34304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            53.433022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   497.991176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.972639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           275074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          275074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst        33662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          33662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst        33662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           33662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        33662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          33662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     54373500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54373500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     54373500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54373500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     54373500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54373500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst        34304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst        34304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        34304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst        34304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        34304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84693.925234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84693.925234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84693.925234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84693.925234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84693.925234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84693.925234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     53731500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53731500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     53731500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53731500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     53731500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53731500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.018715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83693.925234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83693.925234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83693.925234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83693.925234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83693.925234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83693.925234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102613.741938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    25008853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  11855320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.109505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       0.418119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        6.727660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    102589.783539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst       10.468914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data        6.343706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.391349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        28300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        70798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 412011784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                412011784                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          189                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              189                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              470                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data              206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data       648823                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            649425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data              649293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data                 808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   650101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data             649293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data                808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  650101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            617                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data            251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1104                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data     11853144                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11853282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          11853761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst               642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data               389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               11855254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data         11853761                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst              642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data              389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              11855254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     32328000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     21154000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      53482000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37616000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     52746000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     90362000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1031924908500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     12358000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1031937266500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1031957236500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     52746000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     33512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1032081110500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1031957236500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     52746000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     33512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1032081110500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          189                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          189                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data          457                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1104                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data          740                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12502707                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst             642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data            1197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12505355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data       12503054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data           1197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12505355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.567617                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.549234                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.562176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.948102                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.186486                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.948057                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.948069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.324979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.948014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.948069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.324979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.948014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 52395.461912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 84278.884462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61615.207373                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81419.913420                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82158.878505                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81849.637681                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87059.172528                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 89550.724638                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87059.201536                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81419.913420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87057.368248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82158.878505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86149.100257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87056.853485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81419.913420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87057.368248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82158.878505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86149.100257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87056.853485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                1018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          926                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           926                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          617                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     11853144                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     11853282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     11853761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          11855254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     11853761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         11855254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     26158000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     18644000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44802000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32996000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     46326000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79322000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 913393468500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     10978000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 913404446500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32996000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 913419626500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     46326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     29622000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 913528570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 913419626500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     46326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     29622000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 913528570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.567617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.549234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.562176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.948102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.186486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.948057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.948069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.324979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.948014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.948069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.324979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.948014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 42395.461912                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74278.884462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51615.207373                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71419.913420                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 72158.878505                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71849.637681                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77059.172528                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 79550.724638                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77059.201536                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71419.913420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77057.368248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 72158.878505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76149.100257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77056.853485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71419.913420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77057.368248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 72158.878505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76149.100257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77056.853485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       11752289                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      23606553                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11751299                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11854386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         11750281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      11854386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     35461807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     35461807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               35461807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    758801408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    758801408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               758801408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          11855254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                11855254    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            11855254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         23610695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        65247624004                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     25009779                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12504424                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1916                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1916                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957559414500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12503811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        24252455                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12502707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37509154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              37515134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    800329600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        50304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              800550080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        11752289                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     65152                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         24257644                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.008887                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               24255728     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1916      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           24257644                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12508129500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            693499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18754584493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy            964497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           1796498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
