
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.296976                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4296975719500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4296975719500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 198886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   354404                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              831503257                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8574572                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5167.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1831462407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22238976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         52160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data     933044032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          955364416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        52160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         81408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     40354176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40354176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data       14578813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            14927569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       630534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             630534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             6807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          5175495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            12139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data        217139703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             222334143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         6807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        12139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            18945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        9391297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9391297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        9391297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            6807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         5175495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           12139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data       217139703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            231725441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    624514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347484.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       815.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples  14531965.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.040701571652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        36857                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        36857                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            31079451                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             589546                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    14927569                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     630534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  14927569                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   630534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              952366144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 2998272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                39965376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               955364416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             40354176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  46848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  6020                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            465998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            465427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            465536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            466759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            465592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            461251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            460913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            460578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            460996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            460689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           462358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           462239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           461025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           461891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           461606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           461892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           462082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           462179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           464874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           468251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           468071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           471820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           473170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           468378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           469015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           467474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           468471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           466550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           465977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           465934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           467289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           466436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             18162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             18012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             17978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             18098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             17947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             18246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             17932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             18014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             18083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             18058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            18696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            28716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            18995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            17921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            17814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            17870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            18021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            17928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            18073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            18115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            18059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            18679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            18536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            26351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            32965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            25946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            20479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            18122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            18121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            18236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            18108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            18178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  4296961361500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              14927569                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               630534                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                14853068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   27653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  16976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  17708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  36824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  36860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  36865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  36866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  36866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  36868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  36865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  36862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  36864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  36860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  36867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  36867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  36873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  36857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  36857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  36857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4303149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    230.605893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.558886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   338.203455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3147473     73.14%     73.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       280971      6.53%     79.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68297      1.59%     81.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        58005      1.35%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        53056      1.23%     83.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        50437      1.17%     85.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        47787      1.11%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        45354      1.05%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       551769     12.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4303149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     403.716200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     43.698644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1284.873910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        33558     91.05%     91.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095         2002      5.43%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143         1082      2.94%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191          195      0.53%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239           19      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         36857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.942752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.913890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.990913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            19148     51.95%     51.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              733      1.99%     53.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16914     45.89%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               62      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         36857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22238976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        52160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data    930045760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     39965376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 6806.647723716560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 5175494.918223030865                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 12138.770010566732                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 216441939.799515783787                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9300814.947274221107                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347484                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data     14578813                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       630534                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     13379471                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  11162984906                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     31533256                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data 520852674510                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 239048465157844                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     29276.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     32125.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     38691.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     35726.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 379120658.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 271767000411                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            532060572143                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                49582562372                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18263.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35755.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       221.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         9.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    222.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 11129277                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   72754                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                11.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     276188.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             3323541731.327366                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             5867329441.067422                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            20310506546.389145                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           708995408.351892                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         240742450188.901581                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         181056821288.733734                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         7416087242.012691                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    659561203290.764648                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    125098910011.874268                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     453460279203.644165                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1697638543491.616699                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            395.077528                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         3891090145676                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12647303808                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  124671400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1512990764300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 521245549105                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  268548060876                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1856872641411                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             3386685543.695305                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             5978802555.978126                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            20505858798.219395                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           764138342.351988                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         241171618462.891907                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         182638292689.034241                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         7383893964.475680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    662676404255.731689                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    123375512846.588593                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     451877309259.003601                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1699847448188.206543                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            395.591588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         3887865605465                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12539980324                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  124893650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1508162507080                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 514064854103                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  271670633211                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1865644094782                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       170092797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              166726294.431696                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3366502.568304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.019792                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.980208                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29769548500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29769548500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13993000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13993000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29783541500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29783541500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29783541500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29783541500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85620.951135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85620.951135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53003.787879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53003.787879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85596.203809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85596.203809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85596.203809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85596.203809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29421858500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29421858500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13729000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13729000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29435587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29435587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29435587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29435587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84620.951135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84620.951135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 52003.787879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52003.787879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84596.203809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84596.203809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84596.203809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84596.203809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          434.414017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   434.414017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.848465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     37887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     37887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82903.719912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82903.719912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82903.719912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82903.719912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82903.719912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82903.719912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81903.719912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81903.719912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81903.719912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81903.719912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81903.719912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81903.719912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  301390377                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  114776637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                     18835345                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       552180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1278068766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                  307                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8593951439                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1778663949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1751849526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              16785323                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   33951309                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    187919534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1751849526                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     16785323                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3533242347                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1411266229                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            17600617                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10350286                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1194687359                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          549028284                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    416127400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  301350773                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 114776627                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                8593951439                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        235945771                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             20195458      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1326817241     74.60%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 3164674      0.18%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  4825034      0.27%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                2088766      0.12%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                  356154      0.02%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      32      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  781008      0.04%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                4308182      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               298976582     16.81%     93.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              109122532      6.14%     99.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            2374191      0.13%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           5654095      0.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1778663949                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          416167014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        124363182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.346384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3453699294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3453699294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    189718044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      189718044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data    102085788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     102085788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    291803832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       291803832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    291803832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      291803832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data    111672333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    111672333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     12690849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     12690849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data    124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total     124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data    124363182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total    124363182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2513774734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2513774734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 213273735000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 213273735000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2727048469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2727048469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2727048469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2727048469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    301390377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    301390377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    114776637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    114776637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    416167014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    416167014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    416167014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    416167014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.370524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.370524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.110570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.110570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.298830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.298830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.298830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.298830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22510.273283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22510.273283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16805.316571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16805.316571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 21928.101430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21928.101430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 21928.101430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21928.101430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     66375419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         66375419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    111672333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    111672333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     12690849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     12690849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data    124363182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    124363182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2402102401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2402102401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 200582886000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 200582886000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2602685287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2602685287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 2602685287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2602685287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.370524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.110570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.298830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.298830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 21510.273283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21510.273283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15805.316571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15805.316571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 20928.101430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20928.101430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 20928.101430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20928.101430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements             124363174                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          507.886004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1278068766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         1552938.962333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   507.886004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.991965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10224550951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10224550951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1278067943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1278067943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1278067943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1278067943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1278067943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1278067943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     75323500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75323500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     75323500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75323500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     75323500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75323500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1278068766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1278068766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1278068766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1278068766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1278068766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1278068766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91523.086270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91523.086270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91523.086270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91523.086270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91523.086270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91523.086270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     74500500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74500500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     74500500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74500500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     74500500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74500500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90523.086270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90523.086270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90523.086270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90523.086270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90523.086270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90523.086270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102803.705381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   249422737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  14927969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     16.708417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       6.103369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       12.032943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    10082.657959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst       10.706616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    92692.204503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.038462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.353593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.392165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        75246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4005709857                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4005709857                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     66375970                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         66375970                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          332                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              332                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         12302641                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              12302774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          337                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     97481728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          97482065                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           109784369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                109784847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                  8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          109784369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               109784847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         388208                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              388339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1272                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data     14190605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        14537958                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst               815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data          14578813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               14927569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst              815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data         14578813                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              14927569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11935000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  52368201500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   52380136500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     36732000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     73159000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    109891000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28886072500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1211034470000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1239920542500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     36732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28898007500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     73159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1263402671500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1292410570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     36732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  28898007500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     73159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1263402671500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1292410570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     66375970                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     66375970                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          332                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          332                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     12690849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          12691113                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1280                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    111672333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     112020023                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst             823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data       124363182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            124712416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      124363182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           124712416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.030590                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.030599                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.990279                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.993750                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999031                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.127074                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.129780                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.990279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.117228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.119696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.990279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.117228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.119696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91106.870229                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 134897.275430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134882.503431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80376.367615                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89765.644172                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86392.295597                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83160.567204                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 85340.580617                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85288.493921                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80376.367615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83163.562927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89765.644172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86660.187733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86578.770462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 80376.367615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83163.562927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89765.644172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86660.187733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86578.770462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              630534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    630534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks         1131                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1131                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       388208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         388339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1272                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347353                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     14190605                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     14537958                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     14578813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          14927569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     14578813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         14927569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10625000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  48486121500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48496746500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32162000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     65009000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97171000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  25412542500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1069128420000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1094540962500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  25423167500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     65009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1117614541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1143134880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  25423167500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     65009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1117614541500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1143134880000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.030590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.990279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.127074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.990279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.117228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.119696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.990279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.117228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.119696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 81106.870229                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 124897.275430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124882.503431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 70376.367615                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 79765.644172                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76392.295597                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73160.567204                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 75340.580617                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75288.493921                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 70376.367615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73163.562927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 79765.644172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76660.187733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76578.770462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 70376.367615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73163.562927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 79765.644172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76660.187733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76578.770462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       14824938                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      29751151                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14823582                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           14539230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       630534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         14193048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            388339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           388339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      14539230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     44678720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     44678720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               44678720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    995718592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    995718592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               995718592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          14927569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                14927569    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            14927569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         32296956500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        81577856757                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    249423868                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    124711452                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2487                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2487                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4296975719500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         112021303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     67006504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        72529554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         12691113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        12691113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    112020023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    373089538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             374136284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  12207270464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            12229677952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        14824938                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  40354176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        139537354                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              139534867    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2487      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          139537354                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       191088236000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            685999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         526202939                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1235997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      186544775495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
