
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.491440                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2491440456500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2491440456500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 387708                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   605904                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              939835204                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8613568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2650.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1606211988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22238848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        157376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data       7854720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           30280192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       157376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        186624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks      4063232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4063232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           2459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         122730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              473128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks        63488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              63488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            11739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          8926101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            63167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data          3152682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              12153689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        11739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        63167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            74906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        1630877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1630877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        1630877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           11739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         8926101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           63167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data         3152682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             13784565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     63488.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347482.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      2459.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    122572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.479044702485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds         3675                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds         3675                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             1058474                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState              62149                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      473128                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      63488                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    473128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    63488                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               30270080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4059520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                30280192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              4063232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    158                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             14919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             14923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             14828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             14821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             14644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             14617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             14462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             14527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             14613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             14608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            14448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            14593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            14575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            14622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            14804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            15192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            15235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            15143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            15146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            14777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            14641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            14651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            14673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            14684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            14500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            14656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            14878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            14857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            14914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            15009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            14967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            15043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16             2129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17             2071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18             2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19             2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20             1997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21             1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22             1919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23             1908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24             1740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25             1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26             1969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27             1990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28             2021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29             2090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30             2078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31             2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2491438963000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                473128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                63488                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  461973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   10997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   2279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   2349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   3668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   3676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   3676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                   3676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                   3678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                   3676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                   3676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                   3676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                   3676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                   3678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                   3678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                   3676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                   3675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                   3675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                   3675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                   3675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       120622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    284.604268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   130.792034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   384.725244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        81057     67.20%     67.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9633      7.99%     75.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1369      1.13%     76.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          993      0.82%     77.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1072      0.89%     78.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          913      0.76%     78.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1155      0.96%     79.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1474      1.22%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22956     19.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       120622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     128.694694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     72.676573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1519.917795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         3674     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.259864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.232752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.957569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1327     36.11%     36.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               70      1.90%     38.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2274     61.88%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22238848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       157376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      7844608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      4059520                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 11739.393539867246                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 8926100.538337308913                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 63166.671147775836                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 3148623.511966319289                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1629386.722612208687                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347482                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         2459                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       122730                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        63488                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     13909272                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  14795171076                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    114990215                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  16435783252                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 137006851262748                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     30436.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     42578.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     46763.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data    133918.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 2157996019.13                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  23086662575                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             31359853815                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1575936040                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     48812.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                66304.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        12.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     12.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   406912                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    8865                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                13.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    4642871.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    77.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             92361840.479980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             163051419.333614                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            645119672.870530                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           74414062.464001                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         17448562724.028305                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         9789692094.190025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1573476517.535811                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    36497113120.878334                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    18413047633.680931                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     666412808485.888428                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           751468375840.600586                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            301.620042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2465137879430                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4890641628                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    9035950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2285666825220                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  76721004426                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   12375231927                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 102750803299                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             95734770.767986                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             169008691.471212                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            652190875.257805                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           75220859.616000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         17768918254.538086                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         9855258189.256855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1545913275.244637                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    37428040960.734261                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    18636423247.680725                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     665054711086.234497                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           751593169369.211914                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            301.670131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2465166172732                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4696786060                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    9201850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2282162409220                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  77651717542                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   12355995388                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 105371698290                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       177340935                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              171029363.887672                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6311571.112328                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.035590                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.964410                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33392787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33392787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14310500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14310500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33407097500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33407097500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33407097500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33407097500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96041.838995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96041.838995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54206.439394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54206.439394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96010.097599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96010.097599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 96010.097599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96010.097599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33045097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33045097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14046500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14046500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33059143500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33059143500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  33059143500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33059143500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95041.838995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95041.838995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 53206.439394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53206.439394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95010.097599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95010.097599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95010.097599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95010.097599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.148270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   433.148270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.845993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84026.258206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84026.258206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84026.258206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84026.258206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84026.258206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84026.258206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83026.258206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83026.258206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83026.258206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83026.258206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83026.258206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83026.258206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  298173481                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  134478825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         7458                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                         2115                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1346437659                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          188                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4982880913                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1553413530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1494888012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              63978457                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   40092433                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     63413666                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1494888012                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     63978457                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3379609272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1238607057                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            68263236                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           54957013                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           810731330                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          826147914                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    432636810                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  298159832                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 134476978                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                4982880913                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        105943965                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             20529383      1.32%      1.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1049157022     67.54%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  268761      0.02%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   237032      0.02%     68.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               16790473      1.08%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                   20512      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   62606      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      18      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   11198      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc               33600414      2.16%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                 28404      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              11959      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              47328      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                192      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult             11418      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               297979019     19.18%     91.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              125484177      8.08%     99.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             180813      0.01%     99.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           8992801      0.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1553413530                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          432652306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         57557866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.516823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       3518776314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      3518776314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    252738856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      252738856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data    122355584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     122355584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    375094440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       375094440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    375094440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      375094440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     45434625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     45434625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     12123241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     12123241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     57557866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     57557866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 592066933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 592066933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 177595678500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 177595678500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 769662611500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 769662611500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 769662611500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 769662611500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    298173481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    298173481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    134478825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    134478825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    432652306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    432652306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    432652306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    432652306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.090150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.090150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.133035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.133035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13031.183442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13031.183442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 14649.191458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14649.191458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13371.979627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13371.979627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13371.979627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13371.979627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     21488448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         21488448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     45434625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     45434625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     12123241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     12123241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     57557866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     57557866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 546632308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 546632308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 165472437500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165472437500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 712104745500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 712104745500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 712104745500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 712104745500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.090150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.133035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.133035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12031.183442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12031.183442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13649.191458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13649.191458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12371.979627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12371.979627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12371.979627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12371.979627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              57557858                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.089666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1346437659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         332453.742963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   510.089666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.996269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10771505322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10771505322                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1346433609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1346433609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1346433609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1346433609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1346433609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1346433609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    267493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    267493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    267493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    267493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    267493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    267493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1346437659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1346437659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1346437659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1346437659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1346437659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1346437659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 66047.654321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66047.654321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 66047.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66047.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 66047.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66047.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         3538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    263443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    263443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    263443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    263443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    263443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 65047.654321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65047.654321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 65047.654321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65047.654321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 65047.654321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65047.654321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  3538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102762.558603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   115819653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    473851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    244.422093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      42.027492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst      111.211157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    84414.636580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      119.267279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    18075.416095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.322016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.068952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.392008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       103001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                1853588891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               1853588891                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     21489008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         21489008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         3559                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3559                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         12004974                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              12005107                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          1591                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1591                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          339                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     45430162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          45430501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                1591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            57435136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 57437199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst               1591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           57435136                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                57437199                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         118267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              118398                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2459                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2916                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data         4463                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          351814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              2459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            122730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 473128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             2459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           122730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                473128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12251500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  21230392000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   21242643500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37243500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    240561000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    277804500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32508960000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1462957000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33971917000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37243500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32521211500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    240561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  22693349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      55492365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37243500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  32521211500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    240561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  22693349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     55492365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     21489008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     21489008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         3559                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3559                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     12123241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          12123505                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         4050                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4507                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     45434625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      45782315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        57557866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             57910327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       57557866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            57910327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.009755                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.009766                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.607160                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.646994                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999025                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007684                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.607160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.002132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.008170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.607160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.002132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.008170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93522.900763                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 179512.391453                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179417.249447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81495.623632                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 97828.792192                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95269.032922                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93591.093735                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 327796.773471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96562.152160                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81495.623632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93591.068027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 97828.792192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 184904.660637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117288.270827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 81495.623632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93591.068027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 97828.792192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 184904.660637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117288.270827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks               63488                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     63488                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           37                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            37                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       118267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         118398                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2459                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2916                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347351                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         4463                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       351814                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       122730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            473128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       122730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           473128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10941500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  20047722000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20058663500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32673500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    215971000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248644500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29035450000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1418327000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30453777000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32673500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29046391500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    215971000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  21466049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50761085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     32673500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  29046391500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    215971000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  21466049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50761085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.009755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.607160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.607160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.008170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.607160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83522.900763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 169512.391453                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169417.249447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71495.623632                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87828.792192                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85269.032922                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83591.093735                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 317796.773471                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86562.152160                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71495.623632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83591.068027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87828.792192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 174904.660637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107288.270827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 71495.623632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83591.068027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87828.792192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 174904.660637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107288.270827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         370820                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        842808                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       369680                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             354730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        63488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           306192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            118398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           118398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        354730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1315936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1315936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1315936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34343424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     34343424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                34343424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            473128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  473128    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              473128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1100642500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2597651224                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    115819690                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     57909363                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1177                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1177                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2491440456500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          45786822                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21552496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        36724128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         12123505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        12123505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     45782315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    172673590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             173730017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       485632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   5058964096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             5081785216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          370820                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   4063232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         58281147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               58279970    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1177      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           58281147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        79402412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            686997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         525653540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           6077994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       86336799000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
