
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.957133                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2957132732500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2957132732500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 270200                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   503579                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              473926514                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8573552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6239.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1685950668                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3142156044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data     787853760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         52160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data     694277248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1482212736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        52160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         81728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     43581568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        43581568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data       12310215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data       10848082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23159574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       680962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             680962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             9999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        266424889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            17639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data        234780550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             501233076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         9999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        17639                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            27638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       14737779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14737779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       14737779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            9999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       266424889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           17639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data       234780550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            515970855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    673322.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples  12310215.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       815.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples  10799348.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.022392691652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        39284                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        39284                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            47484999                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             636255                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23159575                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     680962                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23159575                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   680962                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1479093760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 3119040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                43089600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              1482212800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             43581568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  48735                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  7640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            724325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            721625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            723730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            725770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            724240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            718500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            714541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            716184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            715484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            715370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           716863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           717065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           715215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           721014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           720789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           720545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           720974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           721199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           722292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           725040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           724799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           733138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           728605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           726997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           726174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           724945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           725857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           724522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           723646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           723103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           724128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           724161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             19727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             19642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             19651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             19794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             19681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             19625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             19590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             19632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             19780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             19707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            19832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            31230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            20243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            19456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            19379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            19336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            20249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            19529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            19633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            19534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            19805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            20017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            19888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            29952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            36702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            23084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            20327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            19605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            19607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            19697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            19648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            19693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2957132709500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23159575                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               680962                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                20211963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 2898877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  21421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  22166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  37492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  39482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  39540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  39539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  39521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  39549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  39463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  39449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  39412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  39478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  39543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  39570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  39672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  39287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  39287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  39284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5454598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    279.063991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   132.288334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   371.418160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3570335     65.46%     65.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       469262      8.60%     74.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       101615      1.86%     75.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        86929      1.59%     77.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        83841      1.54%     79.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        77637      1.42%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        75714      1.39%     81.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        92379      1.69%     83.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       896886     16.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5454598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        39284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     588.298773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    118.163159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1634.583343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        36197     92.14%     92.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095          536      1.36%     93.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143         1435      3.65%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191          868      2.21%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239          217      0.55%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287           30      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         39284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        39284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.138657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.107862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.024330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            17162     43.69%     43.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              584      1.49%     45.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            20493     52.17%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1023      2.60%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               18      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         39284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data    787853760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        52160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data    691158272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     43089600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 9998.874813780447                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 266424888.995069831610                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 17638.707734266372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 233725819.745563298464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 14571412.208329070359                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data     12310215                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data     10848083                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       680962                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14455601                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data 407644580363                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     29028271                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data 393581824552                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 164238467797528                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     31289.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     33114.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     35617.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     36281.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 241185951.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 397015075507                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            801269888787                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                77005318880                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17178.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34670.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       500.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    501.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 18211190                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  118317                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                17.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     124038.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    77.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             4219120996.268201                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             7448357532.764668                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            31574262681.034401                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           769771768.079938                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         222914056646.238892                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         222939149675.626831                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         6072832151.070953                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    654091935177.059448                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    57965622672.497475                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     122665515177.595520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1331637583229.425049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            450.313768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2464896166124                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9564921720                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  115438750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 381899299480                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 241523348398                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  367232733648                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1841473679254                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             4286663808.332060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             7567596574.062352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            31816513078.099785                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           818521660.320012                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         223678449272.826385                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         224245652915.211243                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         6071990375.915373                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    656048520309.842651                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    58095532687.695419                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     120053963002.481186                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1333639668558.819824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            450.990804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2462180838297                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9505654563                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  115834600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 373133422920                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 242064807057                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  369611639640                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1846982608320                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  399992349                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  199997858                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       195621                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           42                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1300001551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   45                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5914265465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1900003069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1899998558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       1302                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    100002765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1899998558                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         3799992224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1599995212                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                8891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               4426                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           500025958                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          600000832                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    599990133                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  399992310                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 199997823                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                5914265465                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        100005125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 1242      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1300007918     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      65      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      273      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    210      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     794      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                    1166      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   1268      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               399991347     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              199997004     10.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                963      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               819      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1900003069                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          599990207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         12503054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.987492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4812424710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4812424710                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data    387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      387490382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data    199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     199996771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       587487153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data    587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      587487153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1069537813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1069537813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     67529500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67529500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1069605342500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1069605342500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1069605342500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1069605342500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    399992349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    199997858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    599990207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85549.562961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85549.562961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 62124.655014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62124.655014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85547.526428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85547.526428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85547.526428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85547.526428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2087                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12501967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12503054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1057035846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057035846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     66442500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66442500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1057102288500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057102288500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1057102288500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057102288500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84549.562961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84549.562961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 61124.655014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61124.655014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84547.526428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84547.526428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84547.526428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84547.526428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements              12503046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          415.107865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1300001551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         2813856.170996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   415.107865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.810758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.810758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10400012870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     10400012870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1300001089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst   1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1300001089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39233500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39233500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39233500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39233500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39233500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39233500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1300001551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84920.995671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84920.995671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84920.995671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84920.995671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84920.995671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84920.995671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38771500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38771500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38771500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38771500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38771500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38771500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83920.995671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83920.995671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83920.995671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83920.995671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83920.995671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83920.995671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  194012418                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                   82980626                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                     11308606                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       308421                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                  895013269                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                  307                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5914265419                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  685950668                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1242152975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1223498172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              16777392                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   18680110                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    129671446                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1223498172                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     16777392                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2450882933                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         988094915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            17593819                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10344621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           827992642                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          387729150                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    276953429                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  193972813                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  82980616                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                5914265419                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        158624072                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             12039237      0.97%      0.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                939764950     75.66%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2629384      0.21%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  3236365      0.26%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                2086500      0.17%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                  356154      0.03%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      32      0.00%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  781008      0.06%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                4305916      0.35%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               191598622     15.42%     93.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               77328787      6.23%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            2374191      0.19%     99.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           5651829      0.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1242152975                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          276993043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         79402723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.488458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2295347075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2295347075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    125215295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      125215295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     72375025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      72375025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    197590320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       197590320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    197590320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      197590320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     68797123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     68797123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data     10605601                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10605601                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     79402724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      79402724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     79402724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     79402724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1688327775500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1688327775500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 176149208500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 176149208500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1864476984000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1864476984000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1864476984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1864476984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    194012418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    194012418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     82980626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     82980626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    276993044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    276993044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    276993044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    276993044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.354602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.354602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.127808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.127808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.286660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.286660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 24540.674114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24540.674114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16609.073687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16609.073687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23481.272305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23481.272305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23481.272305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23481.272305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     40969459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         40969459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     68797123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     68797123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10605601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10605601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     79402724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     79402724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     79402724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     79402724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1619530653500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1619530653500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 165543607500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165543607500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1785074261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1785074261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1785074261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1785074261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.354602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.127808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.286660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.286660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 23540.674128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23540.674128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15609.073687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15609.073687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22481.272318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22481.272318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 22481.272318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22481.272318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              79402715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          506.054738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          895013269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         1087500.934386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   506.054738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.988388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       7160106975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      7160106975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst    895012446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      895012446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst    895012446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       895012446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst    895012446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      895012446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     72806500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72806500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     72806500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72806500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     72806500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72806500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst    895013269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    895013269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst    895013269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    895013269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst    895013269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    895013269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88464.763062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88464.763062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88464.763062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88464.763062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88464.763062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88464.763062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     71983500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71983500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     71983500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71983500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     71983500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71983500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87464.763062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87464.763062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87464.763062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87464.763062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87464.763062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87464.763062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102709.065114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   183809678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23160460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.936357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       4.023595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        5.262967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    62538.129665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst        8.601556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    40153.047326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.238564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.153172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        48026                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        45354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2964171340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2964171340                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     40971546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         40971546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          356                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              356                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              447                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data         10220647                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              10221094                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data       192392                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     58333994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          58526386                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data              192839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            68554641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 68747488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data             192839                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                  8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           68554641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                68747488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            640                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         384954                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              385594                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1277                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data     12309575                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data     10463129                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        22772704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          12310215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst               815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data          10848083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23159575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data         12310215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst              815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data         10848083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23159575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     60078500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  42308858000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   42368936500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38065000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     70643500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    108708500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1035919573500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 903783427500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1939703001000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38065000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1035979652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     70643500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 946092285500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1982180646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38065000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 1035979652000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     70643500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 946092285500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1982180646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     40971546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     40971546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          356                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          356                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data         1087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10605601                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          10606688                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          823                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1285                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     12501967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     68797123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      81299090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        12503054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst             823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        79402724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             91907063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data       12503054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       79402724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            91907063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.588776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.036297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.036354                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.990279                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.993774                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.984611                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152087                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.280110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.984577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.990279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.136621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.251989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.984577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.990279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.136621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.251989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93872.656250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 109906.269320                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109879.657100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82391.774892                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86679.141104                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85128.034456                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84155.592171                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86377.930302                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85176.665933                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82391.774892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84156.097355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86679.141104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 87212.854612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85587.954269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82391.774892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84156.097355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86679.141104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 87212.854612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85587.954269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              680962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    680962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks         3501                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3501                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          640                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       384954                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         385594                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1277                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12309575                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10463129                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     22772704                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12310215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10848083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23159575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data     12310215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10848083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23159575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     53678500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  38459318000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38512996500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33445000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     62493500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95938500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 912823823500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 799152147500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1711975971000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 912877502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     62493500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 837611465500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750584906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 912877502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     62493500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 837611465500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750584906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.588776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.036297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.990279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.984611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.152087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.984577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.990279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.136621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.251989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.984577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.990279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.136621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.251989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83872.656250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 99906.269320                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99879.657100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72391.774892                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 76679.141104                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75128.034456                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 74155.592171                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 76377.931257                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75176.666372                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72391.774892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 74156.097355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 76679.141104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 77212.855534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75587.954701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72391.774892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 74156.097355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 76679.141104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 77212.855534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75587.954701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       23057429                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      46215188                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     23055613                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           22773980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       680962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         22374651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            385594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           385594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      22773981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     69374762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     69374762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               69374762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1525794304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1525794304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1525794304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          23159575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                23159575    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            23159575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy         49150895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       126183366284                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    183813180                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     91906117                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5317                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5317                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2957132732500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          81300374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     41652508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        73310682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         10606688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        10606688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     81299090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37509154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    238208162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             275720242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    800329024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   7703819648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             8504253696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        23057429                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  43581568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        114964492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              114959175    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5317      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          114964492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       132878492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            694996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18879842475                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1235498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy      119104144380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
