
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               881673001776                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 288947                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               10701688                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   577903                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  1279.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              689153382                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   369666465                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     739343836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.881673                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                881673001776                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                          67206276                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   369666465                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     739343836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   134430637                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         65585                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    67242749                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   571169618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            57                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       2647666672                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               2647666671.996997                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            168206224                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           201703272                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33617049                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   3969                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          3969                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 5997                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3060                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       13006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.003003                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             739334006                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    739334006                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1411778532                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          604887722                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   134430613                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     201673359                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   67242746                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7328      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 537658199     72.72%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1899      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       580      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     247      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      552      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      506      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1166      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     72.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                134430211     18.18%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                67242115      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 402      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                631      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  739343836                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3913577                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8089702                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4199478                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          701                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8399468                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            701                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            4175812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3913256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4175812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12265827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     12265827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               12265827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    267292544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    267292544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               267292544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4176125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4176125    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4176125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         13736457924                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        22351806749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4198705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          215                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         8110268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4197986                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12597805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              12599458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    268934656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              268994432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3914159                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8114149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8113448     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    701      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8114149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2799052812                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4195071729                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            718281                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                23865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               23865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            4175406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4176125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               719                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           4175406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4176125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60519420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362479521303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     362540040723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60519420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362479521303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    362540040723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          4199271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4199990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4199271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4199990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.994317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.994318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.994317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.994318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84171.655076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86813.000054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86812.545296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84171.655076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86813.000054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86812.545296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       4175406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4176125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4175406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4176125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55609677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333975958789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 334031568466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55609677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333975958789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 334031568466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.994318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77343.083449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79986.463302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79986.008193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77343.083449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79986.463302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79986.008193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        3914159                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2833                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2833                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2833                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2833                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          215                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              215                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          215                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          215                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          120                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           120                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               972                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   972                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data             313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25271037                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25271037                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          1285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.243580                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.243580                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80738.137380                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80738.137380                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23134355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23134355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.243580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73911.677316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73911.677316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              719                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60519420                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     60519420                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            719                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84171.655076                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84171.655076                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55609677                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55609677                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77343.083449                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77343.083449                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         22893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             22893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      4175093                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4175093                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362454250266                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 362454250266                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4197986                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4197986                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994547                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994547                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86813.455477                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86813.455477                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4175093                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      4175093                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333952824434                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 333952824434                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79986.918719                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79986.918719                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 253287.701743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8399348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4176303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.011192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       4.892115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        68.589200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     253214.220428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.965936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.966216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        262144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        39505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       217893                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 138567791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                138567791                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.repl_invalid                         0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.l2.tags.repl_valid_tag                       0                       # Number of local replacements
system.l2.tags.repl_valid_data                      0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          46016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      267225984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          267272000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        46016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         46016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         4175406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4176125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             52192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         303089675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             303141867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        52192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            52192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks          23301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                23301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks          23301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            52192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        303089675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            303165168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       319.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       719.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   4175370.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000031652                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      1.274058247436                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           15                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           15                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             8578979                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                255                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4176125                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        321                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4176125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      321                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            130486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            130486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            130498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            130508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            130513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            130555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            130499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            130475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            130540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            130447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           130510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           130479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           130538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           130522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           130469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           130528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           130493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           130506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           130497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           130502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           130485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           130501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           130498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           130505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           130484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           130523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           130477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           130537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           130514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           130476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           130519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           130519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      53.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  92831730469                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13914728548                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            165879879257                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22229.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39721.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               4176125                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  321                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4176088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4176359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean            64                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    64.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-71      4176359    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4176359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   247353.533333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  86939.666354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  515868.475845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767            3     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-65535            6     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::98304-131071            2     13.33%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::262144-294911            1      6.67%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::294912-327679            1      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::491520-524287            1      6.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2.03162e+06-2.06438e+06            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               15    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              267269696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               267272000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       303.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    303.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  881672919525                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     211106.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        46016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    267223680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        17280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 52191.685474441845                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 303087062.280139446259                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19599.103029345337                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          719                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      4175406                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          321                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     26728361                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 165853150896                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 27841746385155                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37174.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     39721.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 86734412414.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                     0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy         3256223469.404427                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy         5748486817.150453                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy        5727278955.689615                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy       287804.832000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     76533882436.683136                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy     49609608827.813202                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy     253529810038.994293                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy       394405578350.462891                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        447.337706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 745653751408                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF  39634000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  96385250368                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy         3256290522.572424                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy         5748605191.781622                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy        5727325585.030413                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy       349140.288000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     76533882436.683136                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy     49610058595.833855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy     253529499539.243347                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy       394406011011.331116                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        447.338197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 745652727962                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF  39634000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  96386273814                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                   1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    571168899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        571168899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    571168899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       571168899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61724547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61724547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61724547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61724547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    571169618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    571169618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    571169618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    571169618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85847.770515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85847.770515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85847.770515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85847.770515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61245693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61245693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61245693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61245693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85181.770515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85181.770515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85181.770515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85181.770515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    571168899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       571168899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61724547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61724547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    571169618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    571169618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85847.770515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85847.770515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61245693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61245693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85181.770515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85181.770515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           447.204882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           571169618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          794394.461752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             83250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   447.204882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.873447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.873447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        4569357663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       4569357663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.repl_invalid                 0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.repl_valid_tag               0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.repl_valid_data              0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.repl_invalid            0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_tag            0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_data            0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.repl_invalid            0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_tag            0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.repl_valid_data            0                       # Number of global replacements
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data    197474115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        197474115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data    197474115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       197474115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      4199271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4199271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      4199271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4199271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 369695312955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 369695312955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 369695312955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 369695312955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data    201673386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    201673386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data    201673386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    201673386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88037.974438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88037.974438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88037.974438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88037.974438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              2833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4199271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4199271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4199271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4199271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 366898598469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 366898598469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 366898598469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 366898598469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87371.974438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87371.974438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87371.974438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87371.974438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                4199263                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data    130232651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       130232651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      4197986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4197986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 369658044594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 369658044594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data    134430637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    134430637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88056.045112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88056.045112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4197986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4197986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 366862185918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 366862185918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87390.045112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87390.045112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     67241464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       67241464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37268361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37268361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     67242749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     67242749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29002.615564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29002.615564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36412551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36412551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28336.615564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28336.615564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 881673001776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse             7.999994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           201673386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4199271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             48.025809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            166167                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     7.999994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1617586359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1617586359                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.repl_invalid                 0                       # Number of initial replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.repl_valid_tag               0                       # Number of local replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.repl_valid_data              0                       # Number of global replacements

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
