
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.108844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2108844403500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2108844403500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 501323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   742995                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1028627425                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8584552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2050.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1523253676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         60864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      51050304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           73379520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        60864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         90112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     42251328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        42251328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         797661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1146555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       660177                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             660177                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            13869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data         10545635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            28861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         24207715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              34796081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        13869                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        28861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            42731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       20035299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             20035299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       20035299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           13869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data        10545635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           28861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        24207715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             54831380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    660177.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347486.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       951.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    797641.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.015050026485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        39591                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        39591                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             3148317                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             626924                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1146555                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     660177                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1146555                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   660177                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               73378240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                42247360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                73379520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             42251328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             36018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             35916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             35861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             35908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             35874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             35892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             35787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             35859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             35819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             35728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            35764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            35839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            35801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            35885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            35924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            35955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            36031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            35863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            35913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            35920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            35855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            35872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            35831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            35835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            35828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            35710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            35712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            35735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            35679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            35559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            35633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            35729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             20616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             20720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             20713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             20761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             20688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             20722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             20638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             20641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             20662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             20645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            20648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            20723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            20690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            20607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            20693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            20701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            20633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            20576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            20591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            20593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            20557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            20564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            20509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            20550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            20617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            20555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            20545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            20520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            20578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            20621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2108841291500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1146555                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               660177                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1005830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  140705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  12208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  12982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  35016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  39890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  39977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  39986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  40186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  40278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  39878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  39967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  40043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  39995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  40168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  39929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  40483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  39613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  39603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  39595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                    237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       913249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.608993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.586454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.601284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       772686     84.61%     84.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32372      3.54%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15300      1.68%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16452      1.80%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        51368      5.62%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2808      0.31%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3428      0.38%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2300      0.25%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16535      1.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       913249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        39591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.959006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.050554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    454.944775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        39590    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         39591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        39591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.673360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.644889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.990991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            26686     67.40%     67.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              435      1.10%     68.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            11227     28.36%     96.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1209      3.05%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               27      0.07%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         39591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22239104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        60864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     51049024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     42247360                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 13869.207207254254                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 10545635.307702301070                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 28861.304275927345                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 24207107.890594072640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 20033417.320824161172                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          951                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       797661                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       660177                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14448541                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  12896230800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     39468128                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  98189927758                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 116925245870418                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     31616.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     37112.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     41501.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data    123097.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 177111965.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  91084885007                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            111140075227                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3820254620                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     79443.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                96935.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        34.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     34.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     20.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   881959                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11441                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 1.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1167213.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             713405163.745698                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             1259434500.609425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            1573959684.193037                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           780418187.807895                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         82757836193.007767                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         43786920301.170288                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         6927051222.727097                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    148822969510.981598                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    105266675680.135239                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     358504055806.084167                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           750651554360.335205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            355.953978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1994399719701                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19059724800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   42857150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1136853143207                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 438611227247                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   52479451179                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 418983707067                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             710694968.257662                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             1254647210.291775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            1570873918.993018                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           776830063.631890                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         84165643302.837738                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         44079998123.130829                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         7103667124.095997                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    151351272752.992310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    107288157563.807327                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     354565411630.197754                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           753142951556.700317                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            357.135382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1993247265688                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19605903996                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   43586200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1120114619120                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 447034139557                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   52401892801                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 426101648026                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       173564499                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              166422048.076852                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7142450.923148                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.041152                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.958848                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31503563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31503563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14792500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14792500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31518355500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31518355500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31518355500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31518355500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90608.194081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90608.194081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 56032.196970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56032.196970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90581.960547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90581.960547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90581.960547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90581.960547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31155873000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31155873000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     14528500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14528500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31170401500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31170401500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31170401500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31170401500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89608.194081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89608.194081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 55032.196970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55032.196970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89581.960547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89581.960547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89581.960547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89581.960547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          432.702484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   432.702484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.845122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85172.866521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85172.866521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85172.866521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85172.866521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85172.866521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85172.866521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84172.866521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84172.866521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84172.866521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84172.866521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84172.866521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84172.866521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  152663231                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                   66167664                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                        98031                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                       137567                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1315786169                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4217688807                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1470455218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1469917317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               5266815                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     524464                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     98544115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1469917317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      5266815                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3014824561                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1321244193                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             2649026                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            2643736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           707772952                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          841933030                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    218679647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  152586996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  66092651                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                4217688807                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        116148918                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               517476      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1215042464     82.63%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                36191497      2.46%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  11187      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     166      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                      18      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                     124      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                  12597      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               149971075     10.20%     95.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               63469676      4.32%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            2615921      0.18%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2622975      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1470455218                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          218830895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         37026908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.910050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1787674068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1787674068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    118838616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      118838616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     62965371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      62965371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    181803987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       181803987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    181803987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      181803987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     33824615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     33824615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data      3202293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3202293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     37026908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     37026908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 446700502500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 446700502500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 165244492500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 165244492500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 611944995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 611944995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 611944995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 611944995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    152663231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    152663231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     66167664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     66167664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    218830895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    218830895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    218830895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    218830895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.048397                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048397                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.169203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.169203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13206.373598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13206.373598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 51601.927900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51601.927900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16527.034745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16527.034745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16527.034745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16527.034745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     26105330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         26105330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     33824615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     33824615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      3202293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3202293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     37026908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     37026908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 412875887500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 412875887500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 162042199500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162042199500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 574918087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 574918087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 574918087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 574918087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.221564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.048397                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048397                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.169203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.169203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12206.373598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12206.373598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 50601.927900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50601.927900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15527.034745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15527.034745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15527.034745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15527.034745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              37026900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.657207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1315786169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         1374907.177638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   510.657207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.997377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10526290309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10526290309                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1315785212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1315785212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1315785212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1315785212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1315785212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1315785212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     90539500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90539500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     90539500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90539500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     90539500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90539500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1315786169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1315786169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1315786169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1315786169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1315786169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1315786169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 94607.628004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94607.628004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 94607.628004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94607.628004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 94607.628004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94607.628004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89582500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89582500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89582500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89582500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     89582500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89582500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 93607.628004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93607.628004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 93607.628004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93607.628004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 93607.628004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93607.628004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   445                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102861.216494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    74750857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1147840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     65.123063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       4.514859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst        7.591862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    23151.162876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst        4.667298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    79693.279600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.088315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.304006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.392384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       101604                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                1197173248                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               1197173248                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     26105879                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         26105879                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          466                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              466                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          2453263                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2453396                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst             6                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     33775984                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          33776319                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            36229247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 36229721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst                  6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           36229247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                36229721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         749030                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              749161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          951                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1408                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        48631                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          395986                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst               951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            797661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1146555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst              951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           797661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1146555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     12731000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 131460932000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  131473663000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37767500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     88062500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    125830000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30625872500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7447706500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  38073579000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37767500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30638603500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     88062500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 138908638500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     169673072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     37767500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30638603500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     88062500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 138908638500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    169673072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     26105879                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     26105879                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          466                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          466                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      3202293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3202557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          957                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1414                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     33824615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      34172305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst             957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        37026908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             37376276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst            957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       37026908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            37376276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.233904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.233926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.995757                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001438                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011588                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.993730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.021543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.030676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.993730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.021543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.030676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 97183.206107                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 175508.233315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175494.537222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82642.231947                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 92599.894848                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89367.897727                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88168.797052                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 153147.303161                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96148.800715                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82642.231947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88172.195427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 92599.894848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 174144.954436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147985.113667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 82642.231947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88172.195427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 92599.894848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 174144.954436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147985.113667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              660177                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    660177                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          731                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           731                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       749030                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         749161                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          951                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        48631                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       395986                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       797661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1146555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       797661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1146555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11421000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123970632000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 123982053000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33197500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     78552500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111750000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27152322500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6961396500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34113719000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33197500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27163743500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     78552500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130932028500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 158207522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33197500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27163743500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     78552500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130932028500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 158207522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.496212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.233904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.021543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.030676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.021543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.030676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87183.206107                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 165508.233315                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165494.537222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72642.231947                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82599.894848                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79367.897727                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78168.797052                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 143147.303161                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86148.800715                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72642.231947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78172.195427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82599.894848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 164144.954436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137985.113667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 72642.231947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78172.195427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82599.894848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 164144.954436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137985.113667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1044809                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2189126                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1042571                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             397394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       660177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           382394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            749161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           749161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        397394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3335681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3335681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3335681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    115630848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    115630848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               115630848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1146555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1146555    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1146555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          4850387000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6269723730                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     74751588                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     37375312                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2969                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2969                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2108844403500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          34173719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     26766056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        11653599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3202557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3202557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     34172305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    111080716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             112127864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   4040463232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             4062887744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1044809                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  42251328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         38421085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.008790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               38418116     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2969      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           38421085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        63482139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            687496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         523435485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           1436498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       55540362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
