
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.348129                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2348129261500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2348129261500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 392425                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   743780                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              896551744                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8630968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2619.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1027788477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1948010053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data      22238656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst        192512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      43546880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           66007296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       192512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        221760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     22879040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        22879040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data         347479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst           3008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data         680420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1031364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       357485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             357485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            12456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data          9470797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            81985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data         18545350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              28110589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        12456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        81985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            94441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        9743518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9743518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        9743518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           12456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data         9470797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           81985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data        18545350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             37854107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    357485.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       457.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples    347479.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      3008.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    680245.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.338082887652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        20377                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        20377                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             2645242                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             350988                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1031364                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     357485                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1031364                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   357485                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               65996096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   11200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                22875584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                66007296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             22879040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    175                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             32302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             32462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             32150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             32159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             32171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             32127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             31917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             31981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             32676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             32100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            32102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            32132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            32082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            32288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            32299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            32492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16            32271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17            32066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18            32168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19            32001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20            32070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21            32058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22            32307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23            32276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24            32234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25            32163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26            32338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27            32470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28            32343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29            32362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30            32291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31            32331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             11250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             11158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             11153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             11208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             11178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             11146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             11156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             11159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             11221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            11141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            11172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            11100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            11151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            11157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            11252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16            11189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17            11114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18            11168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19            11069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20            11119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21            11067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22            11188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23            11156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24            11156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25            11107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26            11189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27            11218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30            11177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31            11123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2345575194500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1031364                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               357485                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1009103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   18032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                  15496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                  15545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  19116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  20435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  20599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  20766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  20887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  20551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  20473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  20440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  20410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  20395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  20410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  20387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  20389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  20378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  20377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  20377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       608309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    146.096277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.852263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   231.444209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       402906     66.23%     66.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       159102     26.15%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2589      0.43%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1787      0.29%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1722      0.28%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1654      0.27%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1607      0.26%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1697      0.28%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        35245      5.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       608309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        20377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      50.604309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     30.549747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    682.283298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        20376    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96256-98303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         20377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        20377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.540904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.518454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.870382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             4829     23.70%     23.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               43      0.21%     23.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            15172     74.46%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              320      1.57%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               13      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         20377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        29248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data     22238656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       192512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     43535680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     22875584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 12455.873055862432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 9470797.185072258115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 81985.265102919468                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 18540580.671521093696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9742046.306848937646                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data       347479                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         3008                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       680420                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       357485                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     14766872                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data  13011449299                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    118944754                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  25334816984                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 123090463017296                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     32312.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     37445.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     39542.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     37234.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 344323434.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  20442419921                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             38479977909                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3435921748                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19824.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37316.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        28.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         9.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     28.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   758031                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   22280                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 6.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1688862.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             474635069.999279                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             837913450.499465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            1413801613.058602                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           421959628.608014                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         85026007417.486588                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         48703006859.608223                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         2523713422.674185                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    206912333539.358368                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    69540901908.217712                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     399751700659.866089                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           815818063797.395630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            347.433200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2234390807358                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4708968943                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   44031750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1364651788460                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 289753834107                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   62459597379                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 582523322611                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             473947385.183285                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             836699422.305079                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            1414649169.900204                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           421240116.528016                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         84667803976.195236                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         49126596176.080719                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         2482206783.973693                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    205736650960.575439                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    69133369186.540207                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     400775418830.739502                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           815277996370.832397                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            347.203201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2215432876118                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4588662214                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   43846250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1368896961660                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 288055699502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   63528234348                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 579213453776                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   11113130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5557434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5446                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   38902845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       173799067                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27788477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     52798458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             52797624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1230                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2779550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    52797624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1230                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          105593895                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          44460024                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                1409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13900419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16673169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16670560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11113127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5557433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              167367113.660523                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6431953.339477                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.037008                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.962992                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2780111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  340      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 36126995     68.42%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       5      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       28      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    144      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     104      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      54      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                    228      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11113059     21.05%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5556944     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               489      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  52798458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16670564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           347954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.910253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           182500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     7.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        133712466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       133712466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10765440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5557170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        16322610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       16322610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        347954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31621427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31621427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13891000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13891000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31635318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31635318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31635318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31635318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11113130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5557434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90947.185711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90947.185711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 52617.424242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52617.424242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90918.104117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90918.104117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90918.104117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90918.104117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       347954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31273737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31273737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     13627000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13627000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31287364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31287364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  31287364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31287364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89947.185711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89947.185711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 51617.424242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51617.424242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89918.104117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89918.104117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89918.104117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89918.104117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                347946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.034583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38902845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         85126.575492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   433.034583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.845771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        311223217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       311223217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38902388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38902388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38902388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39245500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39245500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39245500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39245500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     39245500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39245500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38902845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85876.367615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85876.367615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85876.367615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85876.367615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85876.367615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85876.367615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38788500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38788500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38788500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38788500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38788500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38788500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84876.367615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84876.367615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84876.367615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84876.367615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84876.367615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84876.367615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  244713877                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  106557292                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                       208142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                         7905                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 1300705633                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          481                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                 1200                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4696258523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1000000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1895211595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1619104798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             322327501                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17253228                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    133139105                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1619104798                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    322327501                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3081913587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1277498407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           662100365                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          309663234                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           757602119                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          453817669                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    351181750                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  244624485                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 106557265                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                4696258523                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        173515426                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             18686074      0.99%      0.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1216113562     64.17%     65.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2942125      0.16%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1126      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  64666      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                   20468      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                98028291      5.17%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                    1018      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  121936      0.01%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc               49009754      2.59%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  4824      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd           48929011      2.58%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt           61179671      3.23%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                139      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult          48927179      2.58%     81.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 1      0.00%     81.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               229116200     12.09%     93.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              106155186      5.60%     99.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead           15508285      0.82%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            402079      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1895211595                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            7.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          350937807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         55621857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.309351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           187500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     7.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2865791209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2865791209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data    197415423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      197415423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     97829329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      97829329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu1.data        71198                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        71198                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    295244752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       295244752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    295315950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      295315950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     46584996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     46584996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data      8727963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8727963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu1.data       642260                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       642260                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     55312959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      55312959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     55955219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     55955219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 609146269500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 609146269500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 142635360000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 142635360000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 751781629500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 751781629500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 751781629500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 751781629500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    244000419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    244000419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data    106557292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106557292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       713458                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       713458                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    350557711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    350557711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    351271169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    351271169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.190922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.081909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.081909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.900207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.900207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.157786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.157786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.159294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13076.018500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13076.018500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 16342.342423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16342.342423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13591.419499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13591.419499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 13435.415729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13435.415729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     39348266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         39348266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        47832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        47832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        47832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        47832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        47832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        47832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     46537164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     46537164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data      8727963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8727963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       356730                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       356730                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     55265127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     55265127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     55621857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     55621857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 561382842500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 561382842500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 133907397000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 133907397000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  25199790500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25199790500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 695290239500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 695290239500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 720490030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 720490030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.190726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.081909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.500001                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500001                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.157649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.158344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12063.108154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12063.108154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 15342.342423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15342.342423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 70641.074482                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70641.074482                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12580.994150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12580.994150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 12953.361661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12953.361661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              55621849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.986237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1300705633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         272228.052114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.986237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10405649842                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10405649842                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst   1300700855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1300700855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst   1300700855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1300700855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst   1300700855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1300700855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4778                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    303230500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303230500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    303230500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    303230500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    303230500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    303230500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1300705633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1300705633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1300705633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1300705633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst   1300705633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1300705633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 63463.897028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63463.897028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 63463.897028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63463.897028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 63463.897028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63463.897028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         4266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             4266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    298452500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    298452500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    298452500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298452500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    298452500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298452500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 62463.897028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62463.897028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 62463.897028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62463.897028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 62463.897028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62463.897028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  4266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 102534.487322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   111949074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1032038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    108.473791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      42.892376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst       35.633301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    24127.659341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst      118.090544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    78210.211761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.092040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.000450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.298348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.391138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        103031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       103023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.393032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                1792218086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               1792218086                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     39348817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         39348817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         4287                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             4287                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          8351307                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               8351443                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          1770                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1770                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          339                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data     46590130                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          46590469                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                 475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst                1770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data            54941437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 54943682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data                475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst               1770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data           54941437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                54943682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data            128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         376656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              376784                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         3008                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3465                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data       347351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       303764                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          651115                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst               457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data            347479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst              3008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data            680420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1031364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst              457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data           347479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst             3008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data           680420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1031364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     11799500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  33119294500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   33131094000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38087500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    272575000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    310662500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30734508500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  26950633000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  57685141500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38087500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30746308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    272575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  60069927500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      91126898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     38087500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  30746308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    272575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  60069927500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     91126898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     39348817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     39348817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         4287                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4287                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      8727963                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8728227                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         4778                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           5235                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       347690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     46893894                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      47241584                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst             457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          347954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst            4778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        55621857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             55975046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst            457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data         347954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst           4778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       55621857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            55975046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.484848                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.043155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.043168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.629552                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.661891                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999025                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.006478                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013783                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.998635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.629552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.018425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.998635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.629552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.018425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92183.593750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 87929.820579                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87931.265659                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83342.450766                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90616.688830                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89657.287157                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88482.568065                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 88722.274529                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88594.398071                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83342.450766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88483.931403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90616.688830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 88283.600570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88355.709526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 83342.450766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88483.931403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 90616.688830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 88283.600570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88355.709526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              357485                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    357485                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           54                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            54                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       376656                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         376784                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3008                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3465                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347351                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       303764                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       651115                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       680420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1031364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data       347479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       680420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1031364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     10519500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  29352734500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29363254000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33517500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    242495000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276012500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27260998500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  23912993000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51173991500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33517500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27271518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    242495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  53265727500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  80813258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     33517500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data  27271518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    242495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  53265727500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  80813258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.484848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.043155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.629552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.999025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.629552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.012233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.018425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.629552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.012233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.018425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 82183.593750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 77929.820579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77931.265659                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73342.450766                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80616.688830                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79657.287157                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78482.568065                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 78722.274529                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78594.398071                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73342.450766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78483.931403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80616.688830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 78283.600570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78355.709526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 73342.450766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78483.931403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80616.688830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 78283.600570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78355.709526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         929007                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1958859                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       927495                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             654580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       357485                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           570010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            376784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           376784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        654580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2990223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2990223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2990223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     88886336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     88886336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                88886336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1031364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1031364    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1031364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          3439951500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5629786394                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    111949128                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     55974082                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1566                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1566                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2348129261500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          47246819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     39706302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        17192500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8728227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8728227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          5235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     47241584                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    166865563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             167924174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22304320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       578816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   6078087872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             6101001600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          929007                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  22879040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         56904053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               56902487    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1566      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           56904053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        95327668000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            686498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         527451437                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           7167499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy       83432785500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
